---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1198"
permalink: Tenken/1198.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1198
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1198: Resolution and Divine Aura</h2>

（Master.）

『Yeah, I hear it too.』

We heard the voices perfectly once we concentrated on them.

「Onee-chan! You can do it!」

「Don't lose!」

「You got this!」

「Beat them down!」

The cheers of the children. Their words had no mana, no skills, nor any special abilities backing them up. They were simply sincere and earnest cheers.

Yet hearing the voices filled Fran with energy.

Her eyes refilled with resolve. The black lightning emanating from her body regained momentum, and her grip had renewed strength.

「I absolutely won't let them reach the village!」

The words were filled with Fran's unwavering determination.

As Fran shouted, a power that was not simply mana began enveloping her body.

A stronger, more divine power.

Fran wore an unmistakably divine aura, emitting a mysterious pale-blue light.

No, perhaps it was more accurate to say it was erupting. The divine energy had initially flickered like a mirage, but was now violently surging toward the heavens, like a geyser.

The superhuman soldiers that had been ignoring us all this time had no choice but to turn their gazes our way. That's simply how powerful her aura was.

It seems whatever instincts driving them could no longer ignore Fran.

Mishandling divine energy leads to deadly accidents, yet Fran controlled it all surprisingly well.

She wore the divine aura as if it was second nature, without any visible strain or physical burden.

In fact, the divine aura even melded with her body, healing her injuries.

It's as if controlling and using divine energy came naturally. As if the divine aura had elevated Fran to a higher level of existence.

「...Let's go!」

Fran used Black Lightning Roll.

This, too, was astonishingly smooth, with almost no delay or concentration involved. It seemed to be as easy as a simple jump for the current Fran.

Fran appeared in front of the superhuman soldiers, hiding the village behind her back.

「You won't pass!」

Fran faced both palms forward, and her divine aura shone even brighter.

Immediately afterward, the battlefield was covered with countless bolts of black lightning, ravaging the earth and heavens alike. Any superhuman soldiers caught in the blast exploded into smithereens.

Did she just use Black Lightning Invocation? No, that can't be it. She was still maintaining Brilliant Lightning Rush.

『W-Wow, Fran! That's amazing control over black lightning!』

（Nn. This is a Heavenly Black Tiger's true power. I understood it just now.）

Not only had her power increased, but it seemed she had gained a deeper understanding of her own abilities.

Having ascended to a higher state, it seemed Fran could now fully control her skills.

In any case, the current Fran possessed overwhelming strength, a good fit for her overwhelming aura.

「Now like this!」

『Whoa!』

She launched countless black lightning orbs, which rapidly flew toward the flying soldiers.

Every single orb hit its target without fail, annihilating them. She managed to control them with more precision than even I could manage.

Moreover, Fran's mana barely diminished at all despite unleashing such a massive attack. I thought maintaining the divine aura would be exhausting, but it's as if the divine energy within her was restoring her strength.

Is this what it means to master the usage of divine energy? I thought the so-called "divine" energy was supposed to be a power exceeding the mortal realm.

Which is why it always harms the wielder.

But maybe I was wrong. Mastering it might allow one to overcome such downsides.

（I can feel the power of the gods.）

『The gods... ? You mean the Beast-Bug God's Blessing!』

（Nn!）

I see! The blessing must be backing her up!

I can understand since I also have a divine blessing. Utilizing the power of your blessing will enhance your control over divine energy.

That said, Fran seemed to be using the Beast-Bug God's Blessing better than I thought.

She must have stepped one foot into the realm of true mastery. Apparently, everything I've done up until now was only utilizing a fraction of their powers.

The current Fran had a true determination to fight, even at the cost of her life. She had strong emotions that resembled prayers, and a yearning for the power to protect those important to her. Perhaps such conditions were what allowed her to call upon the true power of her blessing.

（Master, we wipe them out!）

『Right!』

In response to Fran's determination, the black lightning ravaged the land again. Her aura of divine energy shook the air itself, resembling a roar.

A black beast stood before the army.

She looked down upon them like an apex predator, whose victory was already guaranteed.

Despite not being capable of rational thought, the superhuman soldiers became visibly shaken.
