---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1123"
permalink: Tenken/1123.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1123
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1123: Evil God Cultists</h2>

Maleficent showed us a map with several roads on it, pointing out two in particular and explaining them.

「This route is longer, but the terrain is fairly flat and gives us a lower chance of running into enemy scouts. On the other hand, this route is much shorter, but contains a few uncertainties.」

「Uncertainties?」

「We will have to cross over a mountain, as well as pass through some areas still within Raydoss's sphere of influence.」

Kranzel managed to invade Raydoss and place a portion of its territory under control, but this only amounted to some slices of land near the border. Apparently, this region was dotted with areas that they have yet to fully conquer.

And it seems that wasn't the only concern.

「Also along this route is a stronghold formerly used by followers of the Evil God as a gathering grounds.」

This fortress belonging to Evil God cultists was said to be in the southern part of the East Conquest Duke's territory, relatively close to the border with Kranzel.

「The place is called Fort Millennia.」

I think I remember hearing about that before?

「It's said to be the largest gathering of Evil God cultists in the entire world. Though it seems someone already felled the fort, it once thrived on Raydoss territory.」

It came back to me as I listened in on Maleficent's explanation.

Zelos Reed was the one who destroyed the home base of the Evil God cultists.

「I've heard of it.」

「Oh, I see. Well, I suppose it's one of the better-known stories on this continent.」

Indeed, passing by a fort filled with Evil God cultists could be quite scary. Running into someone as strong as Linford or Zelos Reed might result in heavy casualties among the members of our squad.

Not that any of it matters unless the cultists are actually alive.

「Are you saying they're still there?」

「Nah. Apparently no one has seen the cultists since then, so the place is deserted.」

「...So what makes you think it's dangerous?」

「Well, do you notice anything strange about this story of Fort Millennia and the Evil God cultists?」

「Like how did the cultists get the fort in the first place?」

「Indeed, that is certainly one issue.」

Now that you mention it, that's pretty weird.

From the sound of it, Fort Millennia seems like a rather large structure. Why would Raydoss allow the Evil God cultists to steal the fort from them? Shouldn't they have sent in the Red Knights to retake it?

Or perhaps the cultists built the fort by themselves in the first place? No, that still makes no sense. The Red Knights wouldn't ignore someone else building a fort on their territory. The fort was apparently occupied by cultists for such a long time that the rumors of its existence spread throughout the entire continent.

However, Maleficent was apparently referring to a different issue.

「Many of Raydoss's inner workings have come to light in the events leading to the war, but how about we consider what we knew before?」

「?」

「Think about it, we knew barely anything about Raydoss back then. In truth, Raydoss made great efforts to conceal its internal affairs from the outside world, so very little information ever got leaked. Yet despite their persistent counter-intelligence measures, why were the rumors about Fort Millennia the only thing that escaped their borders?」

「Oh, I see.」

Of course, that's exactly right! It doesn't make sense for an ordinary adventurer to even know the name of Fort Millennia!

Back when I heard the rumor that Zelos Reed wiped out the fort, I barely thought anything of it...

If this stronghold of Evil God worshipers got wiped out in Raydoss, the news should never have reached Kranzel in the first place. How did it make it out when everything else was completely locked in?

It's almost as if someone spread these rumors intentionally. Well, I suppose fleeing cultists could be the ones responsible... But I think it's more likely someone did it on purpose.

Perhaps the East Conquest Duke was behind this, due to some connection he had with the cultists in his domain?

It seems Maleficent had the same idea, so that's why he was wondering whether or not it was safe to pass by such a place.

（Master, what should we do?）

『I'd want to scout the place out if it was just us, but we're in the middle of a mission. Let's play it safe.』

「Nn. Makes sense, I'll take the safe route this time.」

「I see, then we shall use that one. I take it you will be undergoing a similar sort of training regimen tomorrow?」

「Of course.」

「Well, I suppose making them run all day will make up for the time we lost on the first day.」

So it seems boot camp is continuing into tomorrow.

Maleficent departed after hearing that.

He did say something about loving heroes, so I was kinda expecting him to ask a lot more questions. That said, both Maleficent and Persona seemed very interested in Fran, as the two kept glancing over our way.

Guess he's keeping to himself for now, since we're on a job. Pretty sensible guy for someone who's Rank A.

<br/>

The next day.

After feeding the volunteers a hearty breakfast of meat and bread in the morning, Fran made them go through the same jogging regimen as yesterday. There was no one left to stand against her.

I suppose a single night wasn't enough to make them forget the horror engraved onto their souls.

Meanwhile, Fran kept shouting at them all morning.

「Worse-than-goblins. Run faster, and look happier!」

「...」

「Reply!」

「「「Yes, Captain!」」」

Mm-hm. Fran's boot camp is going pretty well. I barely gave her any advice, and she's already like a real drill sergeant.

While I was busy being impressed, Fran continued her speech.

「I'll teach you all a magic word.」

Huh, a magic word?

「You say "curry" after your reply!」

「「「???」」」

『?』

「What do you say?」

「「「Yes, Captain! Curry!」」」

「Nn. Good.」

What part of that is good?! Isn't it supposed to be "sir" after your reply? Why are you making them say "curry" instead!? Don't blame me, I'm completely innocent here! Did Fran's inner drill sergeant suddenly awaken somehow?

「I'll feed you curry again today. Imagine that when you shout "curry" and you'll be filled with energy!」

「「「Yes, Captain! Curry!」」」



