---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1127"
permalink: Tenken/1127.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1127
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1127: Side - Donadrond (1)</h2>

We, the main forces of the adventurer division, are currently fighting alongside the knights of Kranzel against the Raydoss army.

The battlefield is Fort Swaise, built in the southwestern mountainous region of Raydoss. This defensive stronghold is the last obstruction standing between us and the largest city in southern Raydoss, Rajhil.

Though we knew little about the geography of Raydoss before the invasion, we now have a rough map based on testimony from the occupied villages and prisoners of war, backed by documents obtained from captured strongholds.

And anyone can tell from this map that taking Fort Swaise would completely divide southern Raydoss in half.

While there are plains located far north of Fort Swaise, the southern region is covered in beast-infested mountains and forests. Without access to the roads passing through this fort, free movement through southern Raydoss becomes practically impossible.

Back in Kranzel, such a crossroads would generally have a town filled with inns. However, it seems Raydoss prioritized the building of forts to protect their distribution network.

We launched our attack on Fort Swaise using the same strategy we employed for previous operations. Our scouts reported nothing unusual beforehand. However, all the knights and adventurers had let their guards down due to the ease at which we were advancing.

Unaware of Raydoss's trap...

The first anomaly was reported by the commando unit who had snuck around to the fort's rear. Their main goal was to intercept any enemy troops deploying from behind, as well as interfering with incoming supplies transports.

At this point, the Kranzel army still believed they held an overwhelming advantage. The number of soldiers holding the fort was supposedly few, so it was considered poorly defended.

All we needed to do was surround the fort and lay siege until it fell, just like we did for previous forts.

But we heard some bad news soon after the battle began. Our commando unit of about 500 was ambushed and wiped out by an equal number of undead. Moreover, the undead quickly disappeared into the shadows and we completely lost track of them.

Did they have some kind of secret passage? Or perhaps they had a necromancer on the same level as Jean?

Either way, we all realized that this was not going to be as simple as the previous forts. This belief turned into confirmation upon hearing the next report.

Our front line sustained heavy casualties due to long range spells from enemy casters. Of course, Raydoss deployed sorcerers before, but not in such large numbers.

Yet this fort had at least one entire squadron of sorcerers, which is a powerful force that we can't afford to ignore. This should have been the sign telling us to stop underestimating our enemies.

However, Kranzel's commanders didn't seem to have any sense of urgency. I went over to suggest a change of plans, but I didn't expect to find them sitting around and casually drinking tea.

「So, you are saying that you will not adjust the plan?」

「That's right. Dispatch another commando unit and then we attack the front again. Hurry up and get into position!」

「You don't understand how dangerous this fort is. Please reconsider!」

「Hmph, breaking through such a pathetic trap will be a simple matter. To think a mere adventurer has the gall to talk back to me! You need only shut up and follow orders!」

One of the army's commanders, a noble, replied to my words with a look of annoyance. Each noble family recruited its own soldiers to participate in the war, and this man was among those who brought the most. As such, he was a central figure given much authority, not to mention his title of count.

Up until now, he had only been providing logistical support, but it seems he wanted to participate in the so-called "biggest battle of the war". That's why he came personally instead of only sending his deputy to the strategy meetings like he usually did.

All of our previous operations were constructed with input from the knights and adventurers, but now...

Unable to offend the noble bringing 3000 troops, we had no choice but to accept his strategy. We all thought it would fine since we were merely applying the same strategy as before. Also, this noble was only rumored to be greedy, not incompetent.

But because of that incident, it seems he mistakenly thought that we would obey his every word.

He didn't understand that the knights have the final say in what happens on the battlefield, which is a rule even recorded in Kranzel law books. Well, I suppose even if the knights can overrule the nobles, they still have to refrain from disrespecting them.

Moreover, the guild was also given a great deal of autonomy in the current war, so we're not obligated to obey them unconditionally. No adventurer would enjoy being used as a tool for some noble to gain prestige, which is why I paid a visit to express my opposition to his idea.

But why did it have to be me? I know our commander Forrund is not good at talking, but don't we have plenty of other high ranking adventurers? Well, I suppose I do have more experience with nobles than most...

「Wouldn't sending another unit to flank them be pointless if they already realized our plan?」

「Just send twice as many this time! If the undead attack again, simply take them out!」

「Fine, but know that no adventurers will join this unit.」

「What!? You adventurers have plenty of people just sitting around!」

「None of us are simply sitting around. Everyone already has an assigned job, and you don't have the authority to reassign them. If you insist on sending another unit, you'll have to use your own troops.」

「But――」

Damn, who told me this guy was competent? Maybe he's just too blinded by greed to see the truth?

Many call Zenos-sama incompetent, but he looks much better to me in comparison. At least he understands his limits and refrains from engaging in reckless behavior.

Plus, he knows how to entrust his troops to a competent commander. Insulting him in public would force him to punish you in order to protect his status as a branch member of the royal family, but he's very easy to get along with in private.

Anyway, I managed to get the noble's word after a long and pointless argument. At the very least, no adventurers will have to die in vain following his reckless plan.

I felt relieved, but that was interrupted by loud shouting coming from behind.

Upon closer inspection, I saw the noble division in the rear under attack by undead. I've seen this scene many times before.

The exact same strategy Jean employed against the Raydoss army, except someone was using it on us now.

This is bad. If they have a necromancer of Jean's caliber, their forces will expand themselves by feeding on the soldiers of the noble division.

We need to rescue them as soon as possible.

「D-Donad-san!」

「What's wrong!?」

「Enemy forces have deployed from the fort!」

「What!?」

One of my subordinates came running to my side, and just as he said, the gates of the Fort Swaise were now wide open. Out came a torrent of knights in red armor.

「Shit! We've got no choice but to hold this side! Adventurers, gather around me!」
