---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1177"
permalink: Tenken/1177.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1177
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1177: The Duke's Provocation</h2>

It wasn't just us. The battle between Maleficent and the South Conquest Duke intensified as well.

「Bow down to me!」

The South Conquest Duke was like a walking arsenal of relics.

Embedded in his paunchy belly was a flamethrower similar to what the mech used. On his back was a lightning generator. He spewed a cold mist from his right arm, as his left hand held a gun resembling a mass-produced Carmine Flame. He shot lasers from his eyes, the device on his shoulder attempted to bind Maleficent with steel threads.

None of these had the power of the Red Knight's relics, but his repertoire was incredibly diverse.

Furthermore, the South Conquest Duke fought very rationally despite his undead transformation. He never overextended, and didn't fall for Maleficent's taunts. Plus, he seemed to have a relic for defense as well. The battle was almost certain to be a long one.

Well, I'm sure it would be over the instant Maleficent releases his divine sword... But he probably can't, due to his fatigue from the earlier battles.

His movements lacked their usual luster, so he's clearly pushing himself close to the limit.

That said, Maleficent stayed in the fight with a variety of abilities. The masked man had numerous skills unknown to us, which he used to make a fool of the South Conquest Duke with his versatile fighting style.

「Stop with these party tricks!」

「Why should I? Pathetic, and you call yourself a duke? Looks more like a pig to me.」

「Bwooooh!」

「Ah, I see you really are a pig! Such pitiful squealing!」

Maleficent continued provoking the duke, trying to lure him into a trap. However, no matter how infuriated the South Conquest Duke became, he never acted in haste.

In fact, the South Conquest Duke started taunting as well.

「Fallen souls, come forth! Have a reunion with the living!」

「OROOOH!」

「IT HUUUUURTS!」

Skeletons clad in matching armor spawned from the ground. Ordinary skeletons. Such weak undead wouldn't even buy him a single second against Maleficent.

Despite that, Maleficent's movements clearly slowed down.

「Th-That armor...」

「PRIIIIINCE!」

「SAAAAAVE USSS!」

It seems they're wearing the armor of Maleficent's homeland. Quite a sneaky move!

「Bwahaha! Digging here is enough to get as many specimens as I want! But they were so weak that we easily wiped them out, so they're only good as meatwalls!」

Shouted the South Conquest Duke as he crushed the skeletons with a squishing sound. This taunt landed a critical hit on Maleficent's pride.

「YOU RAYDOSS SCUM!」

Maleficent flew into a mad fury.

With his horns flashing, he charged into the skeletons, intending to put them to sleep with his own hands. He made sure all of them burned to ash.

「Bwahaha! You seem quite angry! Have some more!」

「Damn you!」

Maleficent burned down the skeletons as they were summoned one after another. But in the next moment, he was forced to jump backward.

His arm had been sliced wide open. A strong individual had been hidden among the weak skeletons. Moreover, the wound wasn't regenerating.

「Bwahaha! How do you like my Demon Slayer? Does it hurt?」

It seems Raydoss knew that Maleficent was on the verge of being dominated by a Wrath Demon.

The taunt was intended to make him furious, creating an opening to slam him with the Demon Slayer. Everything went according to the South Conquest Duke's plan.

「Maleficent!」

Maleficent had suffered major damage from the Demon Slayer. Is he going to be okay? His life force was clearly diminishing.

At that moment, Persona moved into action.

「Loo-la-la!」

「Wha-! Persona, stop!」

「La!」

Persona's song! Maleficent tried to stop her, but Persona continued to sing while shedding tears. After a few seconds, a miracle occurred to change the flow of battle.

「What is this?!」

All the skeletons controlled by the South Conquest Duke disappeared, as a warm light filled the surroundings.

「Prince... I wish for your happiness...」

「Thank you...」

「Glory to Sophiard...」

The soul fragments were freed from their grudges, and ascended to the heavens with happy smiles. Simultaneously, Maleficent's complexion improved slightly.

It seems Persona had also healed him at the same time.

However, that didn't mean everything was fine. Persona collapsed while Maleficent was watching his former subordinates in awe.

「Persona!」

She's unconscious, though it didn't seem to be life-threatening... Maybe she'll be fine?

But right after that, someone within me flew into a rage, so furious that they forced their way out.

『Oi! Avenger, you again?!』

「Fuhahaha! My god! My priestess! Many thanks for allowing my participation again, I appreciate it!」

I never allowed this! You just came out on your own!

Come to think of it, I noticed the Evil God Fragment acting in secret a while ago. There's no way I can control this much evil energy by myself! You're the obvious culprit!
