---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1128"
permalink: Tenken/1128.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1128
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1128: Side - Donadrond (2)</h2>

We were the ones attempting to take Fort Swaise, yet Kranzel's forces had been placed on the defensive from beginning to end.

The undead struck us from behind before we knew it, as knights in red armor rushed us from the front.

While the undead horde boasted over 2000 members, the only 200 or so Red Knights were abnormally powerful.

「Donad-san, this is bad! Raydoss's main forces are approaching from behind the fort!」

「Again?! What the hell is going on in the front lines!」

「We're trying to hold them back alongside the knights, but those guys are insane!」

「These must be the Red Knights we've heard so much about!」

Report after report from the adventurer scouts we sent out, but none of them contained any good news.

The Red Knights.

The name was familiar to me. I've heard about the knights in charge of protecting Raydoss from a few prisoners of war.

The strongest knights in the country, equipped with gleaming red armor, unbound by political affairs. The protectors of the people.

I knew the Red Knights were capable, but who could have imagined they would be this strong! All of the knights we've fought until now were small fry in comparison!

「GYAAAH! Help...!」

「Ugh...! We're screwed.」

「M-My arm!」

Our knights, soldiers, and adventurers together outnumbered them by nearly five to one, yet we could do nothing to stop their advance. Even in these circumstances, they completely outmatched us.

And now the appearance of enemy reinforcements means we'll be pincered from three directions. We're done for if we can't figure a way out.

All the screams resonating in the air belonged to my friends.

Moreover, the occasional flame spell flew in and caused a huge explosion. We had wards to guard against magic, but not enough to cover everyone.

Each of them must be skilled magic knights, Rank C or higher in adventurer terms. Perhaps the squad captains even reached Rank B.

Yet they coordinated as well as an order of knights. Such terrifying strength resulted in so many adventurer deaths.

What a lousy commander I was! I grit my teeth so hard that I could hear them creaking under the pressure. Even so, the only thing I could do was shout to inspire my comrades.

If only I could charge forward and protect my friends by using my huge body as a shield. But I simply can't. I'm the only one here who has ever led an army this big.

Me leaving my post will only cause confusion in the chain of command, resulting in even more casualties.

「Send a message to Forrund! Tell him to return immediately!」

「Yes, sir!」

「Donad-san! The noble division in the rear is in big trouble! They're still getting attacked from behind and many nobles have fallen!」

「Tch! Guess we can't leave them alone either! Fine, we head out to save the nobles in the rear! Beat the crap out of the undead, and we can break through their encirclement!」

「R-Roger!」

「Vanguard with me, we're charging in! Everyone else provide support!」

We need to distance ourselves from the fort and reorganize our forces, otherwise we run the risk of complete annihilation. That's why I led the adventurers in a charge through the undead at our rear. I also sent a messenger to the knights to inform them of our decision. They'll surely follow alongside us.

「Charge!」

「「「UROOOOGH!」」」

The undead were quite strong too.

Though they looked like ordinary zombies and skeletons at first glance, they had swifter movements and more durable bodies. Of course, the biggest annoyance was their ability to charge at us without any fear of pain or death.

Our charge began to slow in the face of this unexpected hurdle. We'll be in big danger if things continue like this. The Red Knights are still closing in behind us.

「Slay those Kranzel fools!」

「Stain the land red with their blood!」

「Kill, kill, kill!」

Every time we heard the roaring cries of the Red Knights, we knew someone on our side had fallen. Yet still, the enemy had yet to get serious.

「Burn, burn! Turn to ash in my flames!」

A deafening voice echoed through the air, as a huge magic circle appeared in the sky. Even a warrior with as little magical knowledge as me could tell what was coming.

That's *bad*. A lethal spell that will decimate us.

As everyone watched with baited breath, several rays of red light poured down from the glowing magic circle. They easily pierced through our wards and blew up upon reaching the ground.

Though it was similar to the flame spell Fran once used at the entrance of the goblin dungeon, the rays were much more powerful and much more numerous.

「GYAAAAH!」

「H-Help...」

All of my friends who got hit by the flames collapsed. Consumed by the inferno, they crumbled to ash.

Dead. They're all dead.

There was nothing I could do, except swing my axe at another undead while trying to encourage everyone who was still standing. We need to get out of here as fast as we can!

But my wish turned out to be in vain, as yet another magic circle was drawn in the skies above us. Shit, this one's right above the adventurer division.

We'll take even more casualties than before.

Pathetic!

Was this feeling hated of my enemies? Resentment at the nobles who pushed through this reckless plan? No. The only emotion filling my heart was anger at my own pathetic self. I was unable to save anyone.

A searing, burning emotion that threatened to consume my entire body.

So this is true anger.

I've always been considered unusual ever since I was a kid. Compared to the other ogrekin, I was more quiet and intelligent, though of course, I was still nothing compared to humans and elves.

But the ogrekin were a race of people who tended to follow their emotions without thinking, and I never really fit into that pattern. I've certainly gotten angry many times, but not like this. I think this might be the first time I've ever felt such an intense emotion.

My own weakness was just so detestable! Why am I so weak? Why can't I protect my comrades!? I'm fucking useless!

So pathetic!

「NRRRRGHHHHH!」

「Eh? D-Donad-san? Are you glowing?!」

「SO PATHETIC!!」

「Donad-san, your horns are getting longer!」

「UGRAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!」
