---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1117"
permalink: Tenken/1117.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1117
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1117: Master and Klimt</h2>

It was the night before our transport request began. Fran visited Klimt at the guild.

Fran gave the door a rather hard knock, and we heard a rather pathetic "Wah!" from inside. We entered to find Klimt with a look of annoyance.

「Haven't I told you before to wait for an answer before coming in? You really haven't changed! And please knock a little more gently too.」

「I heard your weird scream, so I thought it was your answer.」

「W-Weird...? It's just that my stats have returned to normal, so my ears are more sensitive than before. I'm still getting used to it.」

I see. So even if he sensed us coming up to the door for a knock, he still found himself surprised by the loudness. We glanced at his desk to see 20 jewel-like objects scattered about.

Magic stones. Klimt held a cloth in his hand, which he was using to polish them. Moreover, I sensed a great deal of mana from each. Klimt hurriedly swiped the stones into a bag to hide them from Fran's stare.

「W-What is it?」

「Is that your secret stash?」

「Y-Yes, something like that.」

Oh right, didn't something like this happen before? Klimt showed us like ten magic stones ranging from Threat Level C~D... That wasn't his entire stash, obviously.

I knew he wasn't showing us everything up his sleeves. Fran managed to win five of them in the negotiation, but I guess that was well within Klimt's expectations.

Perhaps Klimt wouldn't even have minded if we took all ten, as long as Fran accepted his request. It seems he was the real winner in that exchange.

Klimt coughed lightly and changed the subject.

「Can I help you?」

「Nn. I want to ask you about spirit magic.」

「Now you mention it, you did learn spirit magic, huh?」

「Nn.」

Fran nodded, and Klimt exhaled heavily.

「*Sigh*. You are always like this.」

Leaning his body deep against the backrest, Klimt shook his head back and forth.

「Spirit magic should be quite difficult for non-elves to acquire... You don't have to answer if you don't want to, but how and when did you learn it?」

「I only learned it just recently.」

We're asking him to teach us, so keeping everything a secret probably isn't going to fly. Might as well tell him.

While still hiding my existence, of course.

「...」

In the middle of her explanation, Fran suddenly went silent.

「What's wrong?」

Klimt looked puzzled.

『Fran?』

（Master. Can I tell Klimt about you?）

Ah, so that's how it is. Klimt and Fran always had a complicated relationship ever since their first meeting. Fran couldn't bring herself to fully trust the organization known as the guild, just like Klimt found it hard to fully trust Fran.

Though there was a feeling of mutual respect, both were also trying to discern the other party's true intentions.

But somewhere down the line, Fran found herself trusting Klimt. I trust him too, so I'm fine with revealing my identity.

Besides, the Great Spirit can probably see right through me even if we continue hiding my identity.

「Klimt, I have something important to tell you.」

「Eh? Well, this is pretty sudden.」

「Nn.」

Klimt still looked surprised, but he realized we really wanted to talk when Fran put up a wind ward.

After straightening his posture, he responded to Fran's gaze.

「Let's hear it.」

「About this sword.」

Fran took me by the scabbard and lifted me high. Klimt turned his eyes to me with a doubtful gaze. He knew I was a nasty sword capable of emitting evil energy, but he didn't yet understand why the subject came up.

「Master.」

『Hey.』

「Huh? Where is this voice coming from...?」

『From the sword right in front of you. My name is Master, the Intelligence Weapon. Nice to meet you!』

I tried to greet him in a light-hearted manner so as not to make the mood too heavy, but...

「Eh? Huh, what? A sword is... talking? Eh?」

Klimt was absolutely stunned. That can't be helped, since Intelligence Weapons are rarer than divine swords. Well, maybe he's overreacting a bit.

「S-Such a legendary existence popping out of nowhere like this...! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?」

Klimt held his chest with heavy breaths. Despite his charming good looks and status as a high ranking adventurer, Klimt is surprisingly normal. Such sensibilities must result in a lot of hardships.

「I've heard there was an Intelligence Weapon on the continent of Gordicia, but this is the first time seeing one in person.」

「Do you believe me?」

「Of course, since you have no reason to lie. Also, I can tell that this telepathy is coming from the sword due to my experience in talking to spirits.」

So his knowledge of telepathy also confirmed that I was the one talking.

「Have you ever been to Gordicia?」

「Never, since it is nothing short of hell for spirit casters. The land weakens any spirits that are summoned, and they are incapable of healing themselves. I'm sure the main reason elves vanished from the continent is because they lost the ability to cast spirit magic.」

「I see. So Master is your first time seeing an Intelligence Weapon?」

「Correct. But Master, huh? That's a strange name for a magic sword.」

『I didn't have a name, so Fran gave one to me! A great one, too.』

We went through the usual exchange about my name after revealing my identity, and Klimt acted very mature.

「Indeed. Fran-san has a good sense for naming.」

『Right? You can say that again!』

「Heheh.」

Fran gave a smug smile, as Klimt returned with a kind gaze. He really is a good guy.

「But now I understand your situation much better than before. The lack of balance I was sensing in Fran's abilities must be due to you.」

『That's right. Let me explain...』

I gave a brief summary of my abilities, and Klimt held his forehead and frowned. Well, I can understand that reaction. Sorry.

「To think something on the level of pseudo-divine swords was so close at hand... Are you sure you should be revealing such secrets to me?」

「Nn. I can trust you, Klimt.」

「...Uh-huh. I wouldn't consider myself particularly trustworthy, but I suppose I can no longer betray your trust if you put it like that.」

Klimt covered his face and mumbled to himself a bit, but as expected, he quickly returned to the subject at hand.

「So what do you have to do with spirit magic, Master-san?」

『Well, you see...』

Klimt rubbed his temple with his right hand as he held his stomach with his left. My explanation seems to have given him the double threat of a stomach ache and a migraine.

「Your situation is so irregular that I can't even come up with a proper response. All I can say is that Fran-san definitely has a spirit within her. However, it seems to have weakened to the point where I can only notice it after being told.」

I know Marle supported Fran in the battle with the Great Spirit. She apparently got stronger for an instant, but it seems her presence faded away right after.

「Will Marle be okay?」

「I can't say for sure, as I've only heard of humans turning into spirits in ancient legends. However, perhaps you will be able to supply her with power if your level in Spirit Magic rises.」

「Really?」

「Yes, though I must warn you that raising your level is no simple matter. In the beginning, all you can really do is devote your consciousness toward sensing spirits.」

「Okay, I'll do my best.」

「I see, good luck.」

Though Klimt gave us a shrug, there was a gentle smile on his face, like an elderly man watching over a grandchild.



