---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1194"
permalink: Tenken/1194.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1194
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1194: Resolve to Fight</h2>

We returned to the village of Horna from our reconnaissance mission, and Fran explained the situation to the villagers.

The villagers believed us very quickly thanks to the words of the captured commander.

However, they could not agree on a future course of action. None of them knew what to do when faced with such a dire situation.

「Evacuate? But where can we go?」

「Uh, maybe the neighboring village to the west...?」

「No way! That's the next place they'll be attacking!」

「Then do we take the risk and head north?」

「You think women and children can pass through that monster infested land? Impossible!」

The discussions were heated, but no one could come up with a good solution. In fact, there might not be any good solutions. No matter what they do, the drawbacks outweighed the benefits.

And so, the East Conquest Duke's forces continued closing on the village while we had no clear plan of action.

「Watch out! The enemy is coming!」

「A-Already?」

「That's way too fast!」

We were just as surprised as everyone else.

They must be a different unit than the one we bumped into at the neighboring village, since they came in a different direction. I'm sure they have units other than the one led directly by Windwolf.

More importantly, the enemy was coming in from the west, which means the mountain pass we came through was now blocked off. The few villages in that direction must already be lost.

So we're stuck between Windwolf's unit approaching from the east, and this new force from the west. Making us completely surrounded without any escape route.

Given that they had expected a day or two of respite, the villagers were in complete shock. Some of them had already given into despair.

There was nothing more they could do, and they all knew it.

Evacuation had already been rendered impossible. No matter where they tried to run, the children wouldn't be able to keep up.

What about surrender? Also out of the question. After all, one of the enemy's leaders had stated their intention to sacrifice the villagers. Surrendering would be equivalent to accepting death.

In the end, the only remaining option was to barricade themselves in the village and fight off the invaders. Holding out without reinforcements was only a pipe dream, and everyone knew it. But they had no other choice.

「Fran-san, you should run.」

「This is a problem for us in Raydoss.」

「The bug guys and you should still be able to escape, right?」

That's unexpected.

Rather than asking for help, they told us to flee. The villagers were more concerned about Fran's safety than their approaching deaths.

I wasn't the only one who was deeply moved by this.

「...I won't run.」

「What are you saying?! It's too dangerous to fight!」

「I can't leave Mimi and the others behind.」

「I see you've really been getting along with our kids, haven't you? Thank you.」

「You don't need to worry about us though.」

「I do!」

Fran shook her head vigorously, and the villagers gave her gentle looks. It's as if they were watching a child throwing a tantrum.

Perhaps the villagers prepared themselves for such an outcome the moment they decided to shelter foreign rebels. Well, not like this was a legal punishment for betraying the country or anything. Still, I think they resolved themselves for the possibility of getting attacked or killed.

Without any loss of composure, they continued urging for Fran and Quint to escape on their own.

「I don't want to be saddened by the thought of visitors dying for our village.」

「Don't mark us dead just yet. The Red Knights will surely come save us.」

「Oh, of course! You're absolutely right! The Cardinal Flag Knights will rescue us!」

I doubt they seriously believe the Red Knights will come. If the Cardinal Flag Knights were going to act, they would have done something before the other villagers got ravaged.

Perhaps they thought it was because of the war with Kranzel, or maybe some secret connection with the duke. The villagers understood that there must be some reason why the Cardinal Flag Knights couldn't mobilize.

Even so, they mentioned the Cardinal Flag Knights to try and reassure Fran a little. However, this had the exact opposite effect.

The Cardinal Flag Knights. Fran slew their captain and dealt them significant casualties. There's no way they have enough manpower to come to this village's aid.

In other words, Fran had murdered the region's protectors with her own hands. Even if her actions could be justified because of the war, her personality would not let her ignore this outcome.

Especially if it would result in harm befalling those she had grown close to.

（Master. Urushi.）

『...I know. I won't tell you to run.』

（Woof woof!）

We can save at least the children by having them ride Urushi, but that's not enough to placate Fran. Running away is a last resort. Besides, I share her desire to protect the village.

『We'll protect the village from the soldiers, and strike down the enemy leader. They must be one of the four legion commanders.』

（Nn!）

Slaughtering over ten thousand superhuman soldiers isn't a feasible plan. We have a clear goal in the commanders capable of controlling the soldiers with their whistles.

『Take out the western legion before Windwolf's legion arrives. Then we might be able evacuate the villagers to the west if we work fast enough.』

（I'll do my best.）

（Woof!）

Despite their short stay, Fran and Urushi had both come to love the villagers. They were burning with determination.

「I'll fight.」

「...Man, you aren't alright in head.」

「You can say that again.」

The villagers gave gentle smiles once they understood Fran's determination. Then, the half-insectkin Quint rushed over.

「We'll help Fran-san deal with the western forces! I ask the villagers to man the walls!」

The villagers burst into laughter once they realized Quint also showed not a single shred of desire to flee.

「Hahaha! I guess the same applies to you guys too!」

「Hahaha! Indeed!」

Quint was left looking bewildered by the villagers' sudden laughter.

「W-What's wrong?」

「Nah, nothing at all!」

「Yeah! Alright everyone, let's go!」

「Quint, we go too.」

「Eh? Huh?」





