---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1167"
permalink: Tenken/1167.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1167
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1167: Persona, Fran, and Maleficent</h2>

Maleficent readily admitted to destroying the country of the lorelei as well as taking Persona away. Despite his smile, his eyes gave us a sharp glare.

He'll continue playing friendly with us since Persona likes Fran. But at his core, Maleficent clearly cared little about anything other than the lorelei girl.

Eternal Loyalty...

The skill Trismegistus spoke of, which was stolen from Fannabelta by the previous user of Original Sin Envy.

Maleficent is the divine sword wielder who took that skill, and the target of his loyalty is Persona. There's almost zero room for doubt now.

Consider the stark difference between his current personality and the one we heard about before. He changed because Persona wanted him to become nicer, and due to the normalization of emotions after losing Original Sin Envy.

That's the only way I can explain such a gap.

However, this only guarantees the existence of his cruel and ruthless aspect. It hasn't disappeared at all; he's only hiding it.

Which is why I don't want to make enemies with him, and Fran likely understood too.

That said, she needed to seek confirmation. After all, a weak race trampled by the overwhelmingly powerful is somewhat reminiscent of the black cats.

「...Why did you destroy the lorelei?」

「Why, you ask? Because I felt like destroying them.」

Perhaps the previous Maleficent might annihilate a country on a whim. However, Fran seemed unsatisfied with his answer.

「Was it for Persona's sake?」

「No, I destroyed them because I wanted to. Understand? My actions happened to align with Persona's wishes. That's all there is to it.」

Maleficent explained Persona's history. It seems her words possessed great power, resulting in her suffering and abuse at the hands of the other lorelei...

So Maleficent just happened to annihilate the place and rescue Persona? Even though he was a complete scumbag back then? Overhearing the conversation, Persona lowered her head. Did he do it for the girl or not? Hmm, how can I clear this up?

Fran was conflicted too.

She definitely liked both of them, especially Persona, who she considered a friend.

However, she was also indebted to Seliadot. Above all, Maleficent had a past leading a slave trafficking ring.

Fran couldn't simply ignore the fact that Maleficent was once a slaver. Her resentment for slavers was so deep-seated that it's practically a part of her identity.

She's giving considerable concessions to Maleficent by communicating with him in the first place, rather than simply attacking him outright.

I suppose Fran might have reacted differently if Maleficent was directly related to those who enslaved her.

「...What happened to your trafficking ring from back then?」

「...I annihilated them when I left, but it seems the survivors have rebuilt it.」

As the examiner for her rank-up exam, Maleficent naturally knew about Fran's past. Thus, he might be able to guess at Fran's internal conflict.

「I won't ask for your forgiveness, and I don't expect to be forgiven. Just as I will never forgive Raydoss, I understand that there are those who can't forgive me.」

「...」

「But... I can't allow myself to die just yet. Feel free to tell that lorelei about me, since it just means one more assailant I'll have to kill. Will you try to take my head too?」

This is turning into quite a dilemma. Hiding this info from Seliadot is like spitting in her face, but I feel like telling her will only shorten her lifespan...

Fran seems to have gotten angry at Maleficent's words, though not enough to go after him.

I feel a bit relieved. If necessary, I was planning to teleport Fran away from Maleficent, even if it was against her wishes. Antagonizing Maleficent here is not an option.

Fran swallowed her anger and endured, all on her own. I find that sincerely comforting.

More importantly is the fact that the current Maleficent exists only for Persona, and Fran knows it. His statement about "not dying" means he needs to live to protect Persona.

His loyalty was unwavering, untainted by personal desires or justice. What's more, Persona trusted Maleficent wholeheartedly.

Fran clenched her fist tightly and lowered her head.

「Kuhn.」

「Urushi, thank you.」

Urushi licked Fran's hand and made a comforting whimper. Then, Persona leaped down from Maleficent's arms and approached Fran with short steps.

「...」

「Persona...」

「...!」

Tears streamed down Persona's face as she embraced Fran tightly. Fran reciprocated the hug.

「...」

「...Nn. Don't worry. I know Maleficent is no longer an enemy.」

「...」

「It's not your fault.」

Both girls embraced each other while shedding tears.

『Fran...』

（I'm sure Persona understands too, deep down. Maleficent went too far in destroying the lorelei. And he needs to pay for his crimes. But Persona is grateful to Maleficent and loves him...）

If Persona earnestly wished for it, perhaps she could make Maleficent take his own life on the spot. But she won't. Persona is obviously reliant on Maleficent.

Despite her regrets, Persona can't let go of Maleficent or make him atone for his sins. He is her hero, protector, and partner.

I can understand her feelings, considering her history, and I'm sure Fran would agree. That's why she restrained her anger and consoled the crying, apologetic Persona.

Fran turned to Maleficent, staring intently into Maleficent's eyes as she slowly spoke.

「...From now on, capture any slave traders that you come across. I'll let you go in exchange.」

「That is something Persona wishes for as well. I promise to hunt the slave traffickers with renewed diligence.」

Did I just witness the birth of the strongest hunter of slavers ever? He might be the best in terms of combat ability, as well as understanding of their methods. 

『You've endured well. Good job.』

（I learned from my mistake at the Academy of Magic... No matter how much I hate someone, I have to keep calm.）

It seems she firmly remembered the incident where she impulsively attacked Zelos Reed at the Academy of Magic. Indeed, she's slowly growing, not just in terms of combat abilities, but also mentally.

（Also, Persona and Maleficent are a bit like Master and me.）

『Huh? Like us? Is that so?』

（Just a little.）

Now that I think about it, we do share some similarities. An older man saving a young girl and ending up as partners. The fact that we need each other is another resemblance, to some extent.

I can see why Fran has some sympathy for them.

『I see.』

（Nn. So... it's okay.）

With a somewhat frustrated expression but also a hint of relief, Fran nodded.
