---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1113"
permalink: Tenken/1113.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1113
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1113: Powerful Thrust</h2>

「Sword God Transformation!!」

『Divine Energy Manipulation, Spirit Hand fully activated! And we need evil energy too! This is the moment of truth! Evil God Fragment, please!』

I mixed my divine attribute with the torrent of evil energy flowing in from the Evil God Fragment, putting it all into my blade.

Then Fran's black lightning got added on top. My blade shone so brightly that it could not be looked at directly.

「Let's go.」

『Yeah! Do it!』

Fran usually prefers using aerial hop, which allows her to add the momentum of her fall to her strike. But for this attack, we must consider possible damage to the town if she does that.

Thus, Fran chose to dash along the ground instead of jumping.

However, it seems the Great Spirit also recognized the new threat we posed.

The fierce barrage turned even more savage and lethal, as if the air itself was out to get us. Unable to find any openings to slip through, Fran had no choice but to push through regardless.

Five of our six layers of barriers got shredded in an instant, leaving only one left. But that was enough for Fran.

Almost instantly, Fran closed in on the Great Spirit's feet.

Her eyes were fixated on the Great Spirit's core. I sensed Marle's mana swirling around inside Fran, so she must still be supporting her in some small way.

Fran stretched the arm holding me back in preparation for a thrust.

The huge amount of mana circulating her body gushed out, mixing with mine and emitting a violent eruption of light.

Then, Fran thrust me forward with the full momentum of her charge. All the power concentrated on the tip of my blade, making me feel all of the tremendous load at a single point.

「Ruaaaaaaah!」

『Urooooogh!』

Fran pushed my blade toward the heavens, piercing straight through the Great Spirit.

This was way more power than I expected, perhaps due to Sword God Transformation. You might be able to call it the thrust version of Heavenly Judgment.

I felt like I could pierce through anything, even space itself.

My blade collided with a hard object inside the Great Spirit, and at the same time, the wind surrounding us dispersed. The spirit's body grew slightly translucent, implying a great loss of power. I attempted to drain additional mana and weaken her further, but then...

I noticed the object we hit flying away at a tremendous speed. I first thought it was the spirit's core in physical form, but no. This was clearly a man-made object shaped like a long rod.

While it's strange that such a thing was hidden inside the Great Spirit, what really surprised me was the sturdiness. It withstood a direct hit from a thrust containing everything we had.

Also, I felt a shiver run down my spine the moment I saw the mysterious object. Maybe we should go and retrieve that? But before we could try, Fran began holding her ears.

「Mrgh...!」

『Is it the Great Spirit's voice again?』

「Nn. She's screaming...」

Our hit ended up being a great success. Fran's thrust definitely weakened the Great Spirit.

The divine and evil energy helped for sure, but most importantly was how the Sword God's assistance allowed us to strike the Great Spirit's weak point with pinpoint accuracy.

Moreover, our thrust didn't affect the surrounding area despite its immense power, since all of it was concentrated on a single point. Well, aside from the huge amount of mana shot into the sky.

If we had aimed this near town, we'd probably have wrecked a couple dozen houses.

「Phew.」

『That took quite a bit of durability...』

Just a single strike, and both me and Fran were pooped. If we wanted to try the same attack again, we'd probably have to wait another day.

（Something's happening to Marle.）

『What? Did she push herself too hard?』

（Hmm? Maybe the opposite?）

『Opposite? You mean she's gotten more energetic?』

（I think so.）

Did she absorb something from the Great Spirit? However, we didn't have the chance to observe the situation any further. Though weaker than earlier, the Great Spirit began going out of control again.

『We need to get out of here!』

「Nn.」

We started retreating from the Great Spirit, praying that Klimt could handle the rest.

It seems Fran heard the spirit's screams the entire time, so she constantly wore a frown. Even covering her ears had little effect.

Then suddenly, her expressions softened.

「The spirit's voice stopped.」

『Yeah! She's starting to disappear!』

I noticed the change immediately after Fran's muttering. The Great Spirit, still in the form of a giant woman, lost her outline as she began melting into the air.

I turned to Klimt to see his arms outstretched and emitting a bunch of mana. It seems he was just about finished with his sealing or return spell.

The more mana Klimt released, the more of the spirit disappeared. Then, the wind began to swirl around Klimt.

What started out as a slight breeze soon turned into a whirlwind, and then a tornado. Fran and the others hurriedly moved out of the way, but the wind continued to magnify in intensity.

K-Klimt, are you gonna be okay? This isn't an attack or anything, right? But I'm sensing his life force depleting rapidly...

I got a little worried, though it turned out to be alright. The tornado gradually lost its power and disappeared, getting sucked into Klimt.

Meanwhile, the Great Spirit's mana vanished completely.

Though I still couldn't really sense the presence of any spirits, I definitely felt a softening in the atmosphere of the town.

『Is it over...?』

「Klimt!」

Klimt had collapsed to the ground.



