---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1137"
permalink: Tenken/1137.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1137
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1137: Super Fireball</h2>

（Hmm?）

『It's coming from the fort!』

The captain of the Carmine Flame Knights refused to simply sit back and allow us to retreat.

An eruption of red mana blasted up from the fort's roof. Flame-aspected mana, and it was so powerful that we could feel the heat from here.

There was a young man standing in the midst of the mana flow. His cocky-looking face was identical to Ioneth, the vice-captain. Could they be brothers? Twins? Whatever the case, I'm sure they're related.

『Fran, tell everyone to run!』

（Okay!）

We're up against a captain of the Red Knights, rumored to be one of Raydoss's strongest forces. Whatever he's plotting, I should formulate as much mana as possible for a barrier.

Then, the mana accumulated on that rooftop suddenly exploded into the sky.

It grew and grew until it turned into a pillar of red flames. Solar flare-like eruptions burst from the pillar one after another, before intertwining in the heavens to form a gigantic ball of fire.

And this fireball was already the size of the fortress itself.

We can't afford to get hit by that.

Unfortunately for us though, more undead popped up right next to us. The corpses that had been left on the battlefield became enveloped in mana, rising up as newly born undead.

『Ignore the undead! Get everyone out of here, quickly!』

The captain will undoubtedly launch his attack even if he hits the undead. The Red Knights didn't seem to get along with the Black Skeleton Corps, and undead are generally considered disposable anyways.

「Donad, we need to run!」

「I agree! Everyone, fall back! Don't bother fighting the undead!」

「We're running too!」

「Yes, Captain!」

「Avenger, you come with me!」

「Priestess! I implore you to call me "Fleshbag" as usual!」

「Fine. Fleshbag, we support them as the rearguard!」

「Fuhahaha! Understood, my priestess!」

Honestly, I'd prefer it if Fran just ran, though I know she won't abandon the adventurers. She gained a sense of responsibility thanks to this mission, and now understands the duties of high ranking adventurers.

That's generally a good thing, but it also puts her in greater danger at times like this. I have mixed feelings.

『I'll teleport you out if things look bad, okay?』

「Nn.」

The adventurers began retreating immediately. Meanwhile, the noble division was very sluggish, which blocked part of the escape route.

「What's the delay!? Hurry up and run!」

「What are you talking about?! We've already made plenty of distance!」

「You fucking moron! Are you blind?!」

「What could we possibly have to fear this far away?! Cowards! You should be ashamed as a citizen of Kranzel!」

Tch! The noble division has way too many idiots!

It seems they lacked practical combat experience, leading them to believe an attack from the fort could not possibly reach them. However, we're well within range for those above a certain level.

Many of the nobles didn't manage to contribute in the earlier battle, and they also tend to look down on adventurers. That must be why they're getting so stubborn.

The captain of the knights attempted to join the persuasion effort, but nobles remained unconvinced. Get off your asses already, every second counts right now!

Donadrond seems to have realized that continuing the argument would only get them killed. He turned away from the nobles and gave the adventurers additional orders.

「Ignore the idiots and go around you have to! We don't need to risk our lives for them!」

「A-Are you calling us idiots! You little...!」

The nobles flew into a rage, but Donadrond ignored them completely. The knight captain also followed Donadrond's lead, abandoning the nobles to their fate.

Well, the knight captain legally has the right to order them around, so they're technically disobeying orders.

Some of the nobles realized that the danger was real after watching the captain's response, and promptly changed their minds about retreating. Especially that one guy who accepted Fran's argument earlier, he was already long gone.

As a result, the other nobles had no choice but to retreat. The reduction in forces meant they could no longer contain the undead. However...

They acted a bit too late.

『Fran! Put up your barrier!』

「Nn!」

The huge fireball floating above the fort came crashing down on us.

Fran and I put up an anti-flame barrier with all our might to protect the adventurers. That said, we weren't the only ones on the job.

A double-layered wall of pale green light popped up as well, overlapping our flame barrier. It even covered more area than us.

Looks like Maleficent and Persona are going all out too. I knew they had a talent for support, but to think they could manage a barrier of this magnitude...

I suppose I should have expected as much from the Rank A adventurer and his trustworthy partner.

The huge fireball, over 30 meters in diameter, came crashing down on us. Most of the adventurers had already withdrawn, so the main victims were those of the noble division who refused to leave. The Red Knight captain likely can't control the trajectory of a spell of this magnitude, so it landed on the original target.

We braced ourselves for a huge explosion.

Our barriers only covered the adventurers and nearby allies. Not everyone was in range, so we could only watch as the other soldiers and nobles burned to a crisp.

The inferno engulfed everything around the impact zone, a tsunami of death capable of incinerating humans with the slightest touch.

Thousands of soldiers collapsed to the ground as living torches as the inferno made its way to us. However, the barrier we created alongside Maleficent and the other allied sorcerers held it all back.

Holding the barrier was draining my mana really fast, but I was still able to manage.

『Guh!』

「Mrgh!」

The load grew heavier as the brunt of the flames impacted our barrier. However, we then received some reassuring assistance. Our mana began recovering as we were enveloped by a white light.

「Nnnrggh!」

Donadrond had activated the Guardian Ogre's Innate Skill, "Protective Shimmer". Even if the regeneration effect is small, every bit helps.

『Almost there! Hang in there, Fran!』

「Nn!」



