---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1118"
permalink: Tenken/1118.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1118
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1118: Black Spot, White Sheet</h2>

Fran looked very happy as she continued spending her free time hunting. Telling Klimt about me must have been like a load off her shoulders.

After providing Alessa with another day's worth of meat, Fran finally held a meeting with the supply convoy.

Alessa's main plaza was packed with fully equipped adventurers and mercenary-looking men, some of whom appeared to be pretty strong. More than 50 in all.

Since Klimt called them "volunteers", I was expecting more average-looking people... But instead, there were many combat veterans, including active adventurers and mercenaries who held a grudge against Raydoss.

I can't say they looked enthusiastic to participate, but at least they cared enough to arrive on time for the scheduled meeting.

We observed them exchanging vulgar words with each other, as a pair of people approached us.

One was a slim man, a warrior equipped with an enchanted spear.

He appeared to be human due to his round ears, and lack of claws, horns, or tail, although his face was hidden by a metal helmet. His height was only about 160 centimeters, making him quite small in stature.

You might expect him to stay in the rear based on his slenderness, but he definitely wore the gear of a warrior who fought on the front lines. His hard leather armor was reinforced at all the vital points, and his spear extended longer than his height. The helmet covering his head masked his entire face aside from three horizontal slits.

I must say that his overall figure seemed more graceful than powerful. Though I could tell from his figure that he was male, he didn't give me the impression of a masculine warrior.

Even so, he had a strange aura. My gut was telling me he's pretty strong.

The man was accompanied by a woman, or rather a young girl, who also appeared to be human. Her long beautiful blond hair reminded me of elves, but her rounded ears proved otherwise. Her face was hidden, since she too wore a mask.

Judging by her thin and small arms and her height of about 130 cm, she probably had yet to reach adulthood.

Her white robe and wooden staff suggested that she was not a front line fighter, but she seemed to have at least some skill in martial arts. I wonder how strong she really is.

The pair wore similar-looking masks, so they were clearly members of the same party. The contrast between the dark-skinned man and the fair-skinned girl was strangely picturesque.

「Hey there, how's it going?」

「?」

「Fran-dono, the Black Lightning Princess, I take it?」

The pair directly approached us and greeted Fran casually. Well, the man did all the talking while the girl remained quiet in the background.

「I will be acting as your guide for this mission.」

「You're the weird high ranking adventurer?」

『Uh, Fran? I know Nell-san said something like that, but don't say it to his face!』

After my warning, Fran realized her mistake and shook her head.

「No wait, I didn't mean to say weird.」

Good, good. You might be able to pass it off at this rate!

「They said you were only kinda weird, but not a bad guy.」

『You're still doing it!』

However, the man responded with hearty laughter. Rather than the wry smile I was expecting, he was really enjoying himself.

「Hahaha! You got me there, but many tell me I'm one of the better ones among the Rank A adventurers.」

「Rank A?」

Seriously? If so, he's certainly hiding his abilities quite well. Moreover, he completely accepted the statement that he was a bit weird. I can see why he's one of the so-called "better ones".

「That's right, though I'm not from Kranzel. I go by Maleficent. Some call me the "Black Spot", the "Eraser", the "Onlooker", and a few other odd names.」

Maleficent the Black Spot. Ashwrath mentioned him once before! He should be the adventurer with Skill Eraser, the ability capable of erasing another person's skills!

「Maleficent? You know Ashwrath?」

「I do, yes. Considering his personality, I bet he told you all sorts of nasty things about me. That I'm depressing, clingy, gloomy, or whatever.」

「...? He never said any of that.」

「Really? Then it seems he's grown a bit since we last met. Well, enough about him. I look forward to working with you, Black Lightning Princess-dono.」

「Nn. Nice to meet you.」

He seems kinda fishy, and incredibly modest in spite of his Rank A status. I don't sense any malice, but his casual attitude is making me feel a bit uncomfortable.

Fran turned her eyes to the girl behind Maleficent, who went on to introduce the girl.

「She doesn't talk much, as you can see, so allow me to handle her introduction. This is my partner, Persona.」

「...」

「She may not look the part, but you stand before a Rank B adventurer holding the aliases of "Appraisal Slayer" and "White Sheet".」

The girl bowed her head quietly without saying anything, so it seems she really is untalkative. I didn't sense any hostility from her either, but it's impossible to see the expression hidden behind her mask.

「Appraisal Slayer?」

「That's right. She has a certain Extra Skill, you see, so any appraisal-type abilities are automatically jammed around her. Her alias of "White Sheet" comes from the fact that all appraisal tools display a blank screen for her.」

Seems pretty useful if she can extend the effect to others. No one will be able to analyze her, or any of her allies.

Well, it seems the effect is always on, so there are demerits as well. I attempted an appraisal to check, and she just showed up as "Cannot Be Appraised". Her ability must be quite powerful if it's an Extra Skill.

「...」

「...」

Fran and Persona stared at each other silently for a few seconds. Then, Fran bowed her head slightly as if in greeting. I wonder what's going on. Did the two rather untalkative girls somehow connect with each other?

「Wow! It's very rare to see Persona opening up so much to someone else!」

Opening up? How can you even tell!?

Either way, I can't fully trust these two right away. I'll keep my eyes on them for the time being.



