---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1032"
permalink: Tenken/1032.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1032
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1032: Fannabelta and Her Wielder</h2>

 Trismegistus said he was giving us a reward, but then he suddenly readied Fannabelta.

 This caught Fran completely off guard, though Trismegistus did not strike immediately.

「Fran, *prepare yourself*.」

「!」

 That command thing again! Fran was already wary of Trismegistus, and she took a clear defensive posture after his order. I think a "get on the ground" order would probably have little effect on her, just like how the "cease movement" order on me only lasted an instant.

 But in this case, he ordered Fran to do something she was already about to do. Even someone as strong as her might find it hard to resist.

 Both Fran and I were confused. We had no clue what Trismegistus was trying to do. However, the same went for Fannabelta in his hands.

『My liege, what is the plan?』

「I am giving Fran and Master their reward.」

『What do you mean by that……?』

 Not even Fannabelta understood the intention behind Trismegistus' actions.

 Trismegistus immediately raised Fannabelta above his head before responding. I couldn't sense any killing intent, but that's just the way it was with this guy.

「Fannabelta, Original Sin Envy has corroded too much of your mind. Your presence already brings more harm than good.」

『W-What are…… I-I have devoted everything to――』

「Indeed. You were truly a loyal subject. But your service is no longer needed.」

『Trismegistus-sama! Please wait!』

 What's this all of a sudden? It felt more like a scene from a drama than an argument……

 Without any hesitation, Trismegistus quickly swung his blade down at Fran.

『N-No longer needed? M-My liege!?』

「Fran, *block this*.」

「!!」

 Again. After hearing his order, Fran clashed with Fannabelta to block the hit.

 After observing Fran's reaction, Fannabelta screamed in panic.

『Trismegistus-sama! Put your mana on the blade! Please! At this rate――』

「Fannabelta. I have nothing but gratitude for your loyalty.」

 Trismegistus possessed Swordking Mastery. He knew the most efficient way to swing a blade, as well as how to minimize the strain on it. In other words, also knew what type of swing would break his sword.

 *Crack*.

 I only heard a light sound, and looked over to see Fannabelta's blade split in half.

『**GRAAAAAAAAH!**』

『Whooooa!?』

 Both Fannabelta and my screams resonated through the air.

 My Cannibilize skill activated, causing Fannabelta's power to come flowing in.

《Confirming activation of the Cannibalize skill. Emergency reactivation.》

『Ann…ouncer…san……』

《Detected load far exceeding expected parameters. Shutting off most external interaction in response. Internal operations shall be temporarily suspended to concentrate on energy regulation. Number of days until possible restart is unknown.》

 Does this mean that Announcer-san will have to focus completely on regulating the power I got from cannibalize? So we won't be able to talk in the meanwhile, the duration of which is unknown.

『Sorry for putting you through this again.』

《Temporary name Master, you need not worry. May you go with the blessing of the Wisdom God……》

 Already back asleep? It feels like I'm always counting on you to solve everything…… But thanks to Announcer-san, the uncontrollable torrent of power has weakened to the point where even I could handle it.

 But even as the overflowing mana subsided, the other thing bothering didn't change one bit. It wasn't only her power, Fannabelta's emotions were flowing in too.

 It seems regulating these emotions was too difficult even for Announcer-san. All of Fannabelta's negative feelings rushed in at once, swirling around in my head like a vortex.

 Grief at being unable to serve her master. Anger and jealousy toward me for triggering this chain of events. Anxiety about her king's future.

 However, she felt absolutely zero frustration or anger towards Trismegistus for destroying her. Despite being driven insane by Original Sin Envy, Fannabelta's loyalty was the real deal.

 That's why I couldn't help but pity her.

 Still gasping for breath under the enormous load of the cannibalization, I glanced over at Trismegistus. If he felt the slightest hint of regret, that would have been enough.

 I could put this whirlwind of emotions that I don't even understand to rest.

 But Trismegistus' face was as usual, devoid of any emotion. It seems he didn't have any humanity left in him to feel grief.

 Realizing that, I felt sorry for both Trismegistus and Fannabelta. Why?

 No, I know exactly why. I'm unconsciously comparing them to me and Fran. What if we end up the same way? It drives me crazy to think about it.

 Maybe Fran will never turn out like Trismegistus, but I can't say what will happen to me.

 What if I get an Original Sin skill too? What if my sword transformation progresses? Will Fran eventually abandon me? No, she'll never do that. However, I would rather her abandon me if I ever bring her harm. Wait, maybe I should just destroy myself first? Yes, that's the only――

 The negative thoughts filled every corner of my head. I knew Fannabelta's emotions were the cause, but I just couldn't do anything about it. 

「Master? Are you okay? Don't worry, I'm here with you.」

『Right……』

 It's strange. The moment I heard Fran's voice, it felt like all the negative feelings vanished…… Or rather, they're still there, but they didn't bother me anymore.

『I'm fine. I'm… still me.』

「……? Of course. Master is Master. You're my partner.」

『Haha, yeah.』

 Fran is the best partner I could ask for, so I can't make her sad. No matter what, I will never allow myself to go insane.



