---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1093"
permalink: Tenken/1093.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1093
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1093: Bulbora Reconstruction</h2>

A few days after opening the item bags, we gave the documents we found to Gamudo. It seems he used his guildmaster authority to send them directly to the king. We can rest assured that a middle man won't make them disappear somewhere along the way.

Today is our last day in Bulbora. Soldiers came in from all over the country, and we've pretty much handed over the rest to them.

We also made several farm fields in the past few days. Not only did we fix farmland destroyed in the bombardment, but also converted vacant lots into fields after the houses and other structures were destroyed.

Of course, we didn't just do this of our own accord. This was a request from the lord, who wanted as much food as possible due to the war. A diet consisting entirely of mountain dragon meat would be pretty nutritionally unbalanced, after all.

We planted radish-like vegetables in those fields. Those apparently taste pretty bad, but the nutritional value is decent.

I've already raised my Tree Magic skill to level 4. I wanted to try the "Grow Plant" spell, which allows me to raise plants rapidly.

We managed to grow and harvest the radish-thing in like three days. Even we were a bit taken aback at the ridiculous growth rate, and the farmers helping us looked pretty spooked too.

That said, it seems the fast growth ruins the flavor. I guess the forced growth comes with repercussions. Even Fran zipped her mouth shut after tasting one.

Well, you can hide the flavor with curry! Fran complained that it was desecrating the holiness of the curry, but the residents ate it with smiles on their faces.

At any rate, we managed to harvest a good amount of food, enough for a few days. I spammed tree magic until I ran out of mana.

Feeding a huge city like Bulbora for a few days is pretty impressive, right? No matter how bad they taste, Felmus and the cooking guild can take care of that. Maybe cheat by mixing it with mountain dragon meat or something.

The lord asked Fran if she could continue working for him, but Fran refused. She probably didn't like the idea of getting stuck doing farm work for so long.

I found it surprisingly interesting though. Morphing myself into a hoe and making a field with land and water magic was pretty fun. It reminded me of those video games I played where you grow crops. That made me feel a bit nostalgic.

Well, I always knew Fran wasn't compatible with this kind of stuff. As was the case with gathering herbs, Fran hates repetitive tasks. For some reason, she's fine doing practice swings all the time though.

But before we leave, there's one last cooking event. And if Fran's distributing food at Bulbora, there's only one option.

「The collaboration dish between the Dragon's Dining Table and the Black Tail, dragon curry!」

「Tasty curry! Here you go!」

「And it's all free!」

The guild receptionists helped us distribute curry at various locations throughout Bulbora.

Just like they said, this was a special curry made in cooperation with Felmus.

Our perfect curry containing Felmus's dragon meat, soup stock he made from dragon bones, and my personal spice mix.

It was so good that Fran shoveled down three bowls without a word before she was capable of speaking again. As you can tell with the expensive dragon meat, both Felmus and I went all out.

We were distributing it in many locations, and it seems to be a big success at each of them.

「Hey. You're the girl behind the Black Tail, right?」

「Nn.」

「Thanks again for the cookout!」

「It really helps!」

We handed out curry buns during last year's incident too, and many people seemed to remember us from that time.

So many people bowed their heads and asked for handshakes. They were especially grateful this time, since everyone knew we were doing this for free.

It seems Gamudo took it upon himself to spread the word and give Fran credit. Before we knew it, everyone treated her as the kind-hearted black cat girl who hunted a dragon to save Bulbora.

Though that's definitely a bit of an exaggeration, it's not like we can go around denying it... Fran seemed a bit dissatisfied, but we just left it as is.

Take this delicious curry in place of our apology.

After we finished handing everything out, Fran went to eat curry on the roof of the guild, overlooking the plaza. She swung her legs looking at the crowds, a strong anger rising on her face.

Seeing their smiles must have reminded Fran of her anger at Raydoss. However, seeing Urushi devour a bowl of curry at her side helped to calm her down somewhat.

「Arf arf!」

「Urushi, is it good?」

「Woof!」

This is his all-you-can-eat buffet of super-spicy curry, as promised.

Fran can only handle a single bowl, while Urushi already devoured an entire pot of the stuff. His mouth was completely red, as well as the rest of his face. I've already given up on wiping him off. He'd just get covered in curry again, so I'll clean him thoroughly after he's done.

Urushi wagged his tail while happily stuffing himself with curry, which caused Fran's anger to dissipate. She smiled slightly and patted his body.

『Fran, I have way over 200 self-evolution points now. Is there any skill you want to raise? We can do pretty much anything.』

「Yay! In that case, Covenant Magic and Cleansing Magic!」

『Neither of those will help much in battle though. Are you sure?』

「Nn! I want to save people from slavery!」

『I see, then sure! Let's max out Covenant Magic and Cleansing Magic!』

I leveled up Covenant Magic and Cleansing Magic to the max.

《Covenant Magic has reached Lv Max. Covenant Boost has been added to the skill list. Fran has attained the title "Covenant Mage".》

《Cleansing Magic has reached Lv Max. Purification Magic has been added to the skill list. Fran has attained the title "Cleansing Mage".》

Even after maxing out the two skills, I still had about 200 self-evolution points left. We can max out other magic too, but suddenly raising our skills doesn't necessarily give us the ability to use them well.

I guess it's best to gradually raise our levels over time.

『Fran. I've maxed out covenant magic, but you'd better not push yourself too hard if you ever use it. I'll save anyone for you, okay?』

「Nn. Okay.」

The same reply she gives when she's about to push herself!



