---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1028"
permalink: Tenken/1028.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1028
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1028: Fran's Strike</h2>

「Black Lightning Divine Claw! Heavenly Judgment!」

Fran had succeeded in activating Black Lightning Divine Claw and Heavenly Judgment at the same time. This was proof of her using Announcer-san's supplied mana perfectly.

We chose not to use Sword God Transformation because we needed to focus on everything on power. Of course, Sword God Transformation was still one of our trump cards even if Fran got a blessing allowing her to control the divine attribute.

However, what's more important is to blast this huge guy with as much power as possible right now. Black Lightning Divine Claw and Heavenly Judgment was the correct way to do that.

If we had used Sword God Transformation, it would only allow us to optimize our movements at the cost of losing some output.

Clad in black lightning, my blade closed in on the giant antidemon.

「Haaaaaaaaah!」

Before the gaping wound from Urushi's strike could regenerate, Fran slashed at the exact same spot.

《Scanning the body of temporary name Antidemon Goliath. Obtaining data on the failed divine swords. Successfully made contact.》

『You mean those two swords crossed together?』

I sensed a different kind of mana within the giant antidemon. Rather than being in one specific spot, it seemed to be mixed in throughout.

It should normally be impossible to search out the mana of those blades in such a thorough fusion. But thanks to the boost from the Bringer of Hope, we managed to find a trace of it, albeit a faint one.

And if it's in our sights, all that's left is to sever it.

《Please leave the data analysis to me.》

『You're mine!』

Thanks to Announcer-san, I was able to firmly grab hold of the mana from the failed divine swords. My durability took a huge hit due to the tremendous load on my sensory abilities.

The failed divine swords were there inside the giant antidemon, and my blade reached them. I felt myself slicing right through them.

At the same time, Fran's black lightning poured into the giant antidemon's body along with my mana, annihilating it from the inside.

『Whoa? This... is...!』

Perhaps because I cannibalized two failed divine swords at the same time, an unprecedented amount of mana started flowing into me too.

This... Fuck!

『Gugah! GAAAAAAAAAH!』

《Controlling the flow of mana. Temporary name Master, please maintain focus.》

『Guh... Gygh...』

The massive amount of power felt like it was eating away at my insides.

『UGAAAH!』

Despite all my efforts to hold it in, I couldn't stop screaming. It's not just the pain. How do I even describe it? Like a swarm of countless insects invading my body, wriggling around inside me and screeching constantly?

An unbearable disgust assailed me without end.

『Ah... Gah...!』

（Master? Master!）

『Fr...an...』

（Are you okay?）

Fran looked extremely worried. Oh man, of course. Anyone would be worried if their partner suddenly started screaming in pain.

How pathetic can I get? I should be able to swallow down a little queasiness, or my name ain't Master.

『Ha...haha... It's nothing. Don't... worry about it...』

（But.）

『Nah... it'll be over... soon enough.』

（Nn...）

《Seven seconds until mana can be placed under control.》

Seven seconds. Sounds short, but so surprisingly long to me. Still, I endured it without another moan or grunt.

Fran's expression softened a little, noticing that my condition had calmed down.

As the symptoms subsided, I regained enough composure to examine our surroundings.

The giant antidemon was emitting something like a shill screech or scream.

「**GYREEEEEEEEEEEEEE!**」

Death throes――or not.

Its vitality seemed to be greatly reduced, since the regeneration didn't start immediately. However, even losing the majority of its body and the power of the failed divine swords was not enough to end its life.

Despite looking like the wreckage of a shattered building, the giant antidemon still radiated a dense aura of mana.

（I couldn't beat it...）

『Yeah.』

《Estimated chance of target disappearing without further intervention: 0%.》

If no one does anything, it's absolutely guaranteed to revive itself. Fran had failed to defeat the giant antidemon even after expending all her mana. She was left slumped on the ground and staring at the twitching creature in frustration.

Thinking about it a different way though, we should be proud of the fact that we dealt as much damage as the divine swords.

《Control and modification of the energy generated by the activation of the Cannabilize skill has caused a excessive load. Temporary name Announcer-san has expended more power than expected. Returning to dormant state.》

Eh? Hey! Announcer-san?

《I entrust individual Fran to you.》

Wait! I have so many questions!

《...》

No luck. As usual, your departure is so abrupt!

I guess I won't be able to get Announcer-san's help again for a while. It felt like a big hole opened in my heart.

Still, there's no need to worry. After all, we have reliable friends we can count on.

『We're not the only ones here. Let's leave the rest to them.』

（Nn.）

Fran turned her eyes to Izario, who was radiating a tremendous amount of divine energy.

「I'll take care of the rest.」



