---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1086"
permalink: Tenken/1086.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1086
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1086: Dragon Slayers</h2>

Though the mountain dragon may still have room for growth, it was huge compared to most other dragons. To start us off, Diaz dashed forward.

「GROOOOOHHH!」

「Another side effect of the summon? Seems really aggressive!」

Immediately recognizing us as enemies, the mountain dragon glared at Diaz with its narrowed golden eyes.

The pressure behind that stare must be quite intense, but Diaz seemed completely unbothered. He continued rushing toward the mountain dragon in a straight line, and then activated his magic.

「Ha!」

「GROH?」

A weak fire spell, so weak that even the mountain dragon looked stunned. It never expected something so pathetic.

Immediately afterward, the dragon's face distorted into anger after realizing it was being ridiculed.

「GRAAAAAHH!」

「Hahaha! Can't hit me!」

「GAH! GAH!」

The mountain dragon attempted to slam Diaz with its huge front legs, but Diaz dodged everything without a hitch. He even sometimes struck back.

Well, all he really did was scare tactics, such as creating the illusion of another dragon, or generating a huge sound right behind the dragon's back.

Even so, the mountain dragon fell for all of these tricks, only getting more furious at Diaz each time.

All thanks to Diaz's perfect timing, as well as his Thought Guidance and Sight Guidance skills. Even if what he was doing looked unimpressive, a cunning man like Diaz could completely toy with the dragon.

Diaz continued taunting the giant dragon for nearly five minutes. While the old man seemed completely invincible at first glance, he was actually expending a great deal of mana. He would probably only last another five minutes at this rate.

Meanwhile, the mountain dragon finally got fed up with Diaz's continuous evasion, and took a deep breath.

「RUGAAAAAAAHHH!」

「Nope! That was an illusion!」

It unleashed an absolutely tremendous roar that hurt Fran's ears even a huge distance away. Apparently, mountain dragons can make use of their gigantic bodies to deliver these destructive roars, at the cost of being unable to fire normal dragon breath.

This gouged out the entire region around the mountain dragon, blowing debris and corpses hundreds of meters away. Diaz appeared to be caught right in the middle of this explosion, but his real body was elsewhere.

No clue when he did it, but he had replaced himself with a dummy created from his illusion magic. Meanwhile, his real body was over 500 meters away, hidden behind a wall of earth to mitigate the roar.

Not even we knew what Diaz was up to, so the mountain dragon had even less of a clue.

That said, it seemed to have completely lost its temper after being toyed by what looked to him like an annoying little insect.

Like a bull before charging, it scratched the ground several times with its front legs. This was indeed the prelude to its charge. The mountain dragon began dashing straight at Diaz, shaking the earth with each stomp.

Mountain dragons are incapable of flight due to their lack of wings, but they are capable of extremely fast quadrupedal movement. Clearly, a distance of 500 meters is like nothing compared to a creature over 100 meters tall.

It was right next to Diaz after taking only a few steps. The old man was about to get hit with the force of a charge that could knock over the walls of a fortress.

Diaz ran away, seemingly in a panic, and the mountain dragon chased him down with a surprisingly sharp turn. It seems releasing mana as a counter balance was the trick to turning its huge body so suddenly.

But all of this was a part of Diaz's trap. His apparent panic was merely an act. Immediately after Diaz smirked with a nasty grin, the earth underneath shattered, with an explosion bursting out of the ground.

「Binding of Ten Thousand Threads!」

「GAAAAHH?」

Felmus had been preparing his threads on that exact spot over the past five minutes. As the technique's name implied, ten thousand threads appeared to entwine the dragon's four limbs, binding its movements.

Mountain dragons are among the most physically powerful of all dragons, so I doubt this could completely restrain it. Indeed, the majority of the threads were torn apart almost instantly.

However, the dragon could not keep its balance after getting its legs entangled in the middle of a hard curve. It fell over on its side, flattening the earth underneath.

「Hohoho! Suffer in frost!」

Eiworth delivered a follow-up.

The mountain dragon's feet and face became covered in ice, with the ice on the face turning reddish-purple in color. He must have specially prepared that spell to contain poison.

Furthermore, the ground underneath its feet was also frozen, turning part of the wasteland into a tundra.

The mountain dragon panicked when it realized its face was covered, and attempted to get back up. This only resulted in it slipping to fall right back down.

「Uhahaha! The younger ones are always so easy to trick!」

So that's why he targeted the feet. It was now impossible for the dragon to stand due to the ice on both its feet and the ground. The ice covering its face also served to block its sight, so it didn't even have a clue as to what was going on.

The mountain dragon flailed around to remove the ice on its face, but...

「Missy, I'll slam it right where the magic stone is! You follow me up in the exact same spot!」

「Nn!」

Gamudo began moving into action as soon as the mountain dragon revealed this opening. Instead of using the hammer he had been wielding, he took out an even bigger hammer with a pointed tip.

<br>

<div class="appraisal" markdown="1">
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Appraisal Information</strong></p>

**Name:** Dragon Punisher<br/>

**Attack:** 1098<br/>
**Mana:** 500<br/>
**Durability:** 10<br/>
**Mana Conductivity:** B+<br/>

**Skills**<br/>
Scale Penetration, Explosion, Focal Point, Self-Destruct

</div><br/>

Those are some really lop-sided stats! This was apparently a disposable weapon boasting enough power to pierce through dragon scales, but also breaks down after a single use. Moreover, it seems to have so much recoil that it hurts the user.

An incredibly situational weapon only usable by someone as sturdy as Gamudo.

「DOOOORYAAAHH!!」

Gamudo activated a magical tool to leap into the sky, before slamming the Dragon Punisher into the base of the mountain dragon's neck.



