---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1088"
permalink: Tenken/1088.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1088
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1088: Reward</h2>

The reward for accomplishing my mission was to return to Earth's reincarnation cycle with a bit of preferential treatment. In short, I get to live a second life with guaranteed success.

And the current me will disappear.

Surprisingly, I didn't feel any fear at myself disappearing. Is it because living a second life means I won't truly die? Or were the goddesses doing something to mitigate my fear?

However, the most important thing isn't what happens to me.

『If I return to the reincarnation cycle, what will happen to my sword body?』

「My kin shall handle the rest. The sword's new name shall be the *Heavenly Wolfblade, Fenrir*.」

『Eh? I thought Fenrir-san was already recovered?』

「While his soul has been separated from the Evil God, his recovery is by no means complete. He must rest and accumulate his strength for much time to come. However, this separation means that Fenrir and the entity known as the Evil God can be handled individually. The rest shall be done by us gods.」

『So, he'll still be trapped in the sword?』

「Yes, for the period it takes to oversee the wielder's lifespan, though such is a trifle compared to the lifespan of a divine servant.」

It seems my role to filter out the evil energy is no longer needed now that Fenrir-san's soul has been split from the Evil God Fragment.

『...You said *Heavenly Wolfblade*. Will it be a divine sword?』

「Indeed, that is correct.」

A divine sword, huh... Must be super strong. I probably can't even compare.

Fran will surely find herself challenging even stronger opponents in the future, as her goal is to break the curse placed on the black cats. Obtaining a divine sword will help her immensely.

Perhaps it would even give her enough strength to fight off an Evil God Fragment all by herself. Leaving her with Fenrir-san may be the most surefire way to ensure her wish is fulfilled.

But even so...

『Do I absolutely have to return to Earth's reincarnation cycle?』

「What do you mean?」

『Exactly what I said. Do I have to go back to Earth?』

「You are unsatisfied with forgetting everything and being reborn on Earth? Even if you are guaranteed a second life free from discomforts?」

The Goddess of the Silver Moon seemed puzzled. Apparently, the gods believed preferential treatment in the next life was a very attractive reward.

Well, I thought so too right after I died on Earth. But I can't say the same thing for the current me.

The Goddess of Chaos acted like she understood my feelings, constantly grinning at me. The Goddess of the Underworld seemed to be more on the understanding side too, maybe?

I think this difference is due to how often they interact with people. The Goddess of the Silver Moon seemed to not completely understand the feelings of us mortals. Or rather, she was putting in the effort to understand us, but there were many parts she could not comprehend. Still, she's much better than many of the other gods who aren't even capable of mercy.

『I'm Fran's Master, as well as her partner. I can't reincarnate and leave her behind. Is there any way I can be allowed to stay in this world?』

「Oh my. Do you intend to take away Fran's chance to obtain a divine sword? What will she say about that?」

The Goddess of Chaos questioned me in a teasing tone. However, I didn't even have to think about my answer.

『She'll be overjoyed, of course. Even if Fran gets a divine sword, she'll be sad to lose me.』

「Ufufu. You may be right about that, but won't she give you a happy send off once she hears you are reborn into a wondrous second life?」

『Maybe she would, but that's not the issue. I want to stay in this world because I want to be with Fran. I'm not rejecting this second life because I would feel guilty about dropping everything and leaving her behind. I'm rejecting it because being with Fran right now makes me more happy than anything that might happen after I'm dead! That's why I *will* be staying right here!』

I'll watch over Fran's future and live out my life as her partner. Anything else is an insignificant detail.

「I understand why you want to stay, but what shall we do with Fenrir? This was to be his chance to finally interact with the outside world. Now he will be imprisoned within you again.」

『Hmm... That's...』

To be honest, I hadn't thought about that issue. So me staying means Fenrir-san has to go to sleep again...

『Umm, can you put me in a different vessel or something? I don't care what kind of garbage weapon I have to be, as long as I can stay here!』

「Goddesses! I humbly ask for your assistance as well.」

『Eh? Fenrir-san?』

To my surprise, even Fenrir-san started bowing down to the goddesses.

「I can no longer consider Master and Fran as strangers. And for them, I am willing to return to sleep within the sword. Could you please arrange it so that Master can remain in this world?」

『But Fenrir-san, that means...』

「I won't be able to leave the sword until my recovery's over either way, so sleeping for a while isn't a big deal. Like I just said, you and Fran are no longer strangers to me. Your wish is my wish. Goddesses, please grant this request...!」

『P-Please!』

Fenrir-san and I lowered our heads. Then, the Goddess of the Underworld responded in a bemused tone.

「Refusing this offer means you will never return to Earth's cycle again. Are you absolutely sure of this?」

『I don't mind if it lets me stay with Fran.』

「Reincarnation was to be your reward, and this reward cannot be converted into another form. In other words, you will receive nothing for your efforts. You accept this?」

『Yes. Meeting Fran, Urushi, Fenrir-san, and Announcer-san was like a reward in itself.』

「...Is that so? In that case, I will allow you to stay.」

「As do I. Spread even more chaos for me.」

「...My kin, are you truly certain of this decision?」

「I am!」

「Very well. Then we shall cancel the reward and maintain the status quo.」

「Oh yeah, but I'll have to play around with the system a little bit, or else Master's growth will reach a stopping point. I'll adjust the system so you can keep absorbing magic stones to get stronger.」

『T-Thank you very much! Are you really willing to go so far for my sake?』

「Of course! Because things are more interesting that way!」

『Oh, uh-huh...』

Still, I really appreciate it. This means I can continue helping Fran.

「My kin, until we meet again.」

「Farewell.」

「Ufufu. I bid you a pleasant chaos...」



