---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1046"
permalink: Tenken/1046.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1046
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1046: A Relaxing Cruise?</h2>

The day after our departure from Gordicia.

Fran was already relaxing on deck. Urushi had transformed into just the right size to act as her makeshift couch. He's getting pretty good at staying still for Fran.

Without any change in posture, Fran took out some fruit juice and started slurping it with a straw. What a smile! On a side note, this straw was made of a substance very similar to plastic. Thanks to the existence of various monster materials, this world has items surprisingly similar to products from Earth.

Meanwhile, the higher ups wanted Fran to write a report including everything that happened in Gordicia... Well, this voyage will last a while. She'll make it in time even if she starts tomorrow.

「Nice breeze.」

「Woof.」

Our ship was a rather speedy cruiser, so the wind on deck always came at the perfect strength. Urushi's long fur got constantly ruffled, which reminded me of a Pomeranian on a windy day.

Fran looked really comfortable after burying her whole body in there. Lounging around with juice and enjoying the fluff.

The only drawback would be the occasional sneezing, but that can be overlooked. This is like every child's dream.

（Master.）

『What?』

（I want pancakes.）

『Y-You mean like, right now?』

（Nn. Can I?）

She's really stacking up the dreams of youth everywhere!

Our stay in Gordicia was packed with a series of fierce battles, so she deserves this much of a reward. I took some pancakes out of storage and passed them over to Fran.

I-It's not like I got done in by Fran's cuteness or anything!

（Whoa. A mega serving of cream!）

『Hahahah, and there's a treat hidden inside there too!』

（Treat?）

Well, it's just some sliced fruit, but surprises are always welcome. Fran seemed to be enjoying herself as she poked through the cream.

「Fruit!」

『Yeah, you found it already?』

「*Munch*. Delicious.」

Fran raised her forked fruit high in the air before stuffing it into her mouth. Now her mouth was covered in cream. Oh, she got some on Urushi too.

「Kuhn.」

『Fran, you're spilling cream all over Urushi's fur.』

「Nn?」

Oh boy. More cream fell on him every time Fran shifted her head... And now the wind scattered it everywhere, leaving white spots all over.

Wiping this off isn't going to be enough. Urushi needs a thorough wash.

「...He'll be fine after diving into the ocean.」

「Kuhn!」

『Salt water will make his fur all rough and flaky! Let's use water magic to wash him off, okay? It'll be over really fast if he shrinks himself!』

「Okay. Urushi, turn small.」

「Woof!」

Urushi's equipment carried a size adjustment function, so it shrunk along with him. However, all the dirt, dust, and cream entangled deep into his fur remained unchanged.

In other words, we just now created a tiny dog covered in a compacted coat of white cream and black gunk.

This also scattered some small pebbles around the deck. I normally wouldn't care much during our usual adventures, but all the dirt and stuff falling from Urushi was very conspicuous on the ship's deck.

We've given him some simple baths throughout our stay in Gordicia, but just look at how big he is. Walking around for a day or so covers him in plenty of dirt.

Urushi cast Bottomless Shadow to instantly erase surrounding debris. Makes sense, that's a smart way to use the spell.

「Okay, let's wash up?」

「Woof!」

「*Blurb*」

As we were cleaning Urushi, Fran suddenly froze, turning only her head toward the sea. Meanwhile the torrent of water kept pouring out onto Urushi's face.

「*Blurb-blurb*...*Blurb*!」

「Monster incoming.」

「*Blurb* *Blurb*!」

Please give him a break now! I already know about the monsters!

Released from the water torture, Urushi shook his body and sent all the water flying. Fran distanced herself to avoid that, and started looking down at the surface of the sea from the boat's edge.

『They're here.』

「Nn!」

A giant sea urchin about two meters in diameter floated up to the surface of the water. This monster was called a "Jumping Sea Urchin" and had the Jumping, Needle Creation, and Bloodsucking skills.

I guess they jump at their prey and stab them, before sucking up all their blood.

I kinda want that magic stone, since the Bloodsucking skill will give me the ability to drain the blood out of any meat we acquire. That's like a standard feature in isekai survival stories!

The other crew members on deck started moving in response, but Fran had already jumped out by then.

I scanned for the Jumping Sea Urchin's mana signature to find their locations. Seems like the group had about 20 in all?

『Fran, let's take them out with ice magic instead of thunder magic.』

（Why? Thunder makes it easier.）

With her veteran experience, Fran must have understood that thunder magic can be transmitted through water in order to deal damage over a wide area. That's why she tilted her head at me.

However, there's a very important reason why we can't do that.

『Too much heat might cause their flesh to deteriorate.』

（I can eat those?）

『Yeah, sea urchins are generally edible. I've heard these guys taste pretty good.』

（...! Got it, I'll use ice magic on them!）

Tonight's dinner will probably be a giant pile of sea urchin. I know some people aren't a big fan, but Fran...

「Sea urchin... I've never tried that. *Slurp*...」

Fran will be just fine.

