---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1001"
permalink: Tenken/1001.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1001
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1001: The Beast-Bug God</h2>

The Beast-Bug God...! Why would a god come to such a disgusting evil-tainted place! I know we are technically inside of me, but still!

「This girl has acquired the qualifications, so I've come to give her my blessing.」

『Qualifications?』

「What do you mean?」

For some reason, Fran was also questioning the Beast-Bug God along with me.

『Huh? Fran, you don't know either?』

「Nn.」

「Due to the emergency at hand, I decided to speak with you first.」

『Emergency?』

「Yes, an emergency. Though it was not my initial reason for coming, I could not allow a violation of divine providence to occur right in front of me.」

『You're talking about me, right?』

「Indeed I am.」

The Beast-Bug God nodded solemnly and pointed at the Evil God Fragment, who had fallen silent as if frightened.

「Though currently in this pitiful form, this existence is still counted as a godly entity. You may use any energy leaking out without issue, but tapping into its power without a contract or permission is forbidden. Such would be abuse of a god's power, which is subject to divine punishment.」

『S-Seriously? Damn, that was close!』

It seems I can make use of any evil energy emitted by the Evil God Fragment, but extracting its power directly is off-limits.

Wait, wouldn't that let me borrow as much power as I want if I get permission? I guess that's not possible either, since the fragment isn't capable of communication.

『T-Thank you very much for stopping me!』

「Pay no mind. I would find it heartbreaking for a someone to receive divine punishment right after meeting the qualifications.」

『Umm, so what's this stuff about qualifications?』

「This girl managed to sense the power of the gods with her own strength, thereby opening the first gate. Thus makes her qualified to receive my blessing. Continue honing your abilities.」

The power of the gods? The first gate? By blessing, he means those blessing-type skills, right? I still don't get it at all! However, Fran seemed to be satisfied with that.

「Nn! Got――I understand.」

She almost responded with her usual tone! However, Fran didn't seem to mind using polite language. Rather, she has already accepted the Beast-Bug God as a superior being.

Fran nodded her head happily after hearing his words of encouragement. The creator god of the beastmen must have a special place in their hearts.

「My business here is done. Farewell.」

The Beast-Bug God simply said that before disappearing without waiting for a reply. Though he certainly had no intention of intimidating us, the aura of a god so close to us would make anyone feel anxious.

『Phew...』

「Phew...」

Fran and I both relaxed our shoulders at the same time. I was about to ask her for more details, but Fran started fading away. The god brought her spirit all the way here, so I guess it's already started returning to her body.

Before I spoke, Fran opened her mouth first.

「Master, let's settle it right away.」

No need to say what. Our backup for Izario was the only thing she could be referring to.

『Alright.』

Whether due to the blessing of the Beast-Bug God, or this "opening the gate" thing, Fran seemed to have realized something.

I guess I'll have to wait before I can hear the details.

As soon as Fran disappeared completely, my consciousness began rising to the surface as well. Information from the outside world started coming in.

It's almost as if everything was frozen. I don't know when, but it seems our personal time was being massively accelerated. The Beast-Bug God's power, no doubt.

The scenery before us gradually began moving again. At the same time, I could see Fran taking a step forward. The speed of her movements were on the same level as Georg and Izario.

Exactly because we were in this world of slow motion, I could tell Fran's speed was approaching that of these transcendents.

『Izario!』

I shouted, and a moment later, time flowed as normal. At once, my entire field of vision turned into a blur, with my blade slamming into Georg. Fran had dealt a blow after completely predicting Georg's moves.

「GAHHHHHH!?」

In tune with Fran's perfectly-honed slash, I detonated the power I had been storing. Our combined force easily sliced through Georg's durable barrier and scales. As our mana collided with the Dragon King's, the magical sparks exploded out like fireworks.

With his right leg cut off, Georg lost his balance. I was surprised to see him still standing, but he could do nothing but slide on the floor.

However, Izario did not get the opportunity to follow up on Georg.

「OOUURGH!」

「Frederick! Why!?」

「Tch!」

Frederick, who was supposed to be guarding Tilanaria and Velmeria, had struck at Izario. The look on his face was devoid of any sense of sanity.

I thought he was being suspiciously quiet, but he had fallen under enemy control! Was this the robe guy's doing?

Fran kicked Frederick back as soon as she could, and I sensed the slightest hint of divine power in her blow. The same was true of the slash she pulled off. Fran was manipulating the divine attribute, though only slightly.

『Fran, that was...!』

Without activating Sword God Transformation or Divine Beast Form, she could control the divine attribute by herself? Of course, she didn't activate Black Lightning Divine Claw either. She simply applied the divine power into an ordinary kick. Was this the "opening the gate" thing?

No, this isn't the time to be worrying about that. I bound Frederick with my telekinesis and land magic. But in the meanwhile, Velmeria and Tilanaria had already broken free from their restraints and dove back into action.

「Little lady! You take care of them!」

「Nn!」

Though it almost turned into a chaotic brawl again, Izario and Fran managed to pull off the strategic victory. Fran took the perfect position to lure Velmeria and Tilanaria away, while Izario struck at Georg just as he was about to recover.

The divine sword cloaked in a reddish brilliance easily pierced Georg's chest, followed by infusing a torrent of flames into his body.

「GUGAAAAAAAH!」

Georg screeched desperately as he waved his hands at the ceiling, but the sound ceased as even his voice melted away. Now the only thing exiting his mouth were embers of the bright red inferno incinerating his body from the inside.

Flames erupted from every orifice in his body. The dragonkin's body began shrinking, crumbling to ashes from the edge first.

And after a few seconds...

The only remaining signs of his existence were the black scorch marks on the floor. Not even his ashes remained.

『There's no way we could have caught him alive...』

「Nn.」



