---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1067"
permalink: Tenken/1067.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1067
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1067: Wind Demon</h2>

「I offer my mana as your sustenance and my body as your vessel...! Manifest now, Wind Demon!」

Immediately after the demon knight shouted, the mana surrounding him underwent a drastic change.

His aura did more than just expand. He had imbued himself in an extremely potent wind attribute, a violent vortex of mana that felt like an entire storm condensed before us.

As his wings grew larger, he also sprouted a long tail with a claw-like tip.

「Hell yeah, I'm finally free!」

「?」

「Girl, this is all thanks to you fighting so hard. Thanks! In return, I'll make sure your death is painless!」

The demon knight shouted in a ragged voice very unlike his previous one, before shooting a spell at us.

「Shatter! Hyahahahaha!」

A blast of wind spinning as fast as a tornado, which indeed had enough power to tear your ordinary human apart.

I tried appraising him again, and I found that his race had changed to "Demon". It seems this was no mere possession anymore. His physical body had transformed into that of a demon's.

His skills remained mostly unchanged, but his stats got strengthened considerably. Almost all of them exceeded 500, and his mana stat went over 1000. He also gained the title of "Demon Baron".

It seems demon form granted him the ability to cast magic without chanting. He started shooting wind blasts in succession by only waving his arms.

「Ora ora ora ora!」

「That won't hit me!」

Fran, however, avoided most of the projectiles while striking down the rest with me.

「Hah? You just cut my wind! How the hell did you manage that!?」

「Now it's our turn!」

『Dorya!』

Fran cast thunder magic while I cast flame magic to follow her up. The demon got bombarded with spells coming from all directions.

But that was no cause for celebration.

「That tickles! I don't even need to block such low level magic!」

『Tch! His resistance to magic is too high!』

Despite casting some low-level spells to test his defenses, I didn't think he would ignore everything without the slightest attempt at guarding. His defenses must be way higher than expected.

「Now it's my turn again!」

The demon realized that he wouldn't be able to hit us with a barrage, so he tried a different approach. Transparent scythes of wind, something very difficult to detect.

Countless wind scythes flew at Fran from all directions. An ordinary adventurer would have been cut into countless pieces and met their end.

Fran, however, detected the trajectory of the scythes and dealt with them effortlessly.

「How can you even see my magic?! Oh, fuck it! Just die! Die, die, die!」

「No you.」

「Ora!」

「Hah!」

We began a fierce trade of spells from there, blasting each other constantly. However, neither of us managed to deal significant damage.

Fran and I intercepted all of the demon's wind spells, while our spells got blocked by our opponent's potent magic defense. More powerful magic was required to break through. However, it's difficult to aim with both of us flying around so much.

Besides, he might simply fall over and die after a direct hit of Kanna Kamui or something on the same level. We still wanted to capture him alive.

（Master, how's his mana level?）

『It's fallen quite a bit.』

It seems manifesting a demon constantly drains the summoner's mana, causing the demon knight's mana to gradually deplete. Fran's plan was to drag out the battle and wait for his mana to run out.

The demon knight started getting pissed at things not going his way. He flew higher and shouted again.

「So god damn annoying! Fuck! Let me tear you apart already!」

He made some kind of gesture with his hands? I was too far away to see clearly, but he certainly did something. The vortex of mana surrounding him got even more intense.

「Wind Calamity!」

『He just strengthened himself again!』

With a sonic-boom like explosion, the demon knight accelerated upward clad in an armor of wind. He curved in the sky like a fighter plane while firing countless wind spears that spun like drills. Moreover, they had a homing function.

Meanwhile, Fran clad herself in black lightning and jumped throughout the air to acrobatically evade all of them.

『Damn! This guy is pretty tough!』

「Krh!」

『Fran, we need to dodge the spears! Trying to intercept them will send us flying!』

「Nn!」

The wind spear that Fran slashed through detonated in a huge explosion that blew her away spectacularly. If I hadn't teleported us to escape, we might have taken severe damage from the other spears chasing us.

『Fran, you still want to hold back?!』

As much as I would like to tear him apart, the demon refused to get any closer. He knew that Fran had the advantage in melee combat.

Meanwhile, we had a hard time dealing a decisive blow at range. Maybe our best strategy is to rush him down?

（I got this!）

Fran nodded her head confidently before diving toward the ground. She had turned her back on the demon knight and quickly lowered her altitude.

Our direction was the village of Metelmam.

The demon knight must have thought we were trying to bypass him and scout out the village.

「H-Hold it! Don't you fucking ignore me!」

（He fell for it!）

『Yeah!』

No matter how strong they might be, impulsive opponents are always easy to trick!

The demon knight hurriedly chased us at max speed, when Fran suddenly turned around and charged right back at him. He fired a wind spear in panic, but that was easy enough to dodge after we realized the timing.

Fran simply activated Black Lightning Roll the exact instant the wind spear was about to hit, and it passed through harmlessly. Our opponent was already within arm's reach.

「What!!」

This situation was exactly what Fran planned for, while the demon knight was stunned for a moment. In a clash of such intense speed, that single moment was the fatal error resulting in his defeat.

「GWAAAAH!」

With his right arm and right wing cut off, the demon knight fell out of the sky in an uncontrollable spin.

