---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 918"
permalink: Tenken/0918.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 918
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>918: Side - Sophilia (2)</h2>

「Come on, Saintess-sama! Your friends are holding the line, right? Let's go save them!」

「Yes... Of course!」

It seems this city can't be abandoned just yet. With everyone gathered around me, I ran off.

There was no longer just the warmth of Urushi beside me. The breathing of so many people behind our backs felt very reassuring.

The fear and hopelessness vanished.

All these people who didn't even have the strength to fight, and yet they stood up for Sendia, and for Fran.

Just thinking about it caused a different kind of tears to well up in my eyes.

After looking back on them, everyone had the same determined face. They all knew that they might die. Still, they were willing to take up arms.

I absolutely can't let anything happen to them, so I need to resolve myself too. I will use everything in my power, and do whatever it takes.

But the moment I made my resolution, the enchanted harp Lauda attached at my waist began trembling. Almost as if it had come to life.

I unconsciously reached for Lauda and――

「Ah...」

I remembered.

How could I have forgotten? The painful, bitter memories of that day. No, was that exactly why I had to forget? Why Lauda made me forget?

But now I remember. The power I used to kill my foster father. The true power and form of the harp in my hands.

「Urushi, you can run.」

「Woof?」

「It's okay. We won't leave them behind.」

Was it because I remembered Lauda's true potential? The sound from a light pluck of the strings was clearer than ever before. With this, I could put even more power into my music.

My fingers played the tune as if second nature, empowering the people behind me with my magic song.

「S-Saintess-sama? What is...?」

「Everyone, let's run! You'll be able to keep up now!」

I jumped up on Urushi's back. Then, Urushi read my intention and broke into a dash. Naturally, your average person would not be able to keep up with him.

But not after I've strengthened them. As their feet followed after Urushi's, they attained a speed far exceeding their own imaginations.

I turned around from Urushi's back, and saw everyone following him closely.

At that moment, I spotted a few antidemons charging in from the front. Like I suspected, not even Fran and her friends managed to prevent their invasion completely. There may not be many of them yet, but they've already infiltrated the town.

However, we'll be fine.

「Grrrrr! Woof!」

Urushi activated a spell to crush the antidemons, but he wasn't the only one on the job.

「They look so slow!」

「And weak too!」

「Eyah!」

Anna-san and the others smacked the antidemons with the spears, frying pans, and whatever in their hands. In a single blow, the antidemons collapsed. Even for the weakest antidemons, such a thing should not be possible.

「I-Is this the power of the saintess?」

「No, it's because of everyone's courage! I'm simply giving you a little assistance!」

「T-That's our saintess! Simply amazing!」

「We can fight now!」

They were surprised at first, but their expressions soon turned serious.

Now that they had gained the power to fight, they must have understood that their destination was a true battlefield. Still, not a single one of them ran away. Such a dependable bunch.

I felt their determination, their faith. It was all transmitted to me and resonating within me.

「Urushi. You might see something a little surprising, but don't stop, okay?」

「Woof? Woof woof!」

「Ufufu. Thank you.」

I stroked Urushi's neck as he barked strongly, and spoke the words.

「Lauda, lend me your strength once more.」

I rested my fingers on the harp as it vibrated strongly in response.

The current me will be able to use your powers properly. I'm not the same as I was then, so everything will work out. I took a deep breath and shouted.

「Perform a sacred melody for all to hear, Oratorio! **Divine Sword Release!**」

With my words, "Divine Sword Release", Lauda emit a brilliant flash. The harp changed shape in my very hands as if it was made out of shiny clay.

「W-Woof!?」

「Yes. This is the true form of my harp Lauda. The Holy Songblade, Oratorio. One of the divine swords.」

I first unleashed this power the day I killed my foster father. I activated Lauda out of anger and for revenge. That would be the first and last time I heard Oratorio's tune.

Anger and guilt. Fear and regret. All the negative emotions consumed my mind and robbed me of my painful memories.

Ever since I was a small child, I've been able to keenly sense the emotions of others. I never thought it was strange myself, but it seems this was a rare ability in their eyes.

My foster father said that I had a good sense of empathy, a wonderful ability for sharing in the enjoyment of music. I've always thought of it like that, but that wasn't all.

The day my foster father gifted Lauda to me. The day I cursed him to death. The day I heard the villagers' screams, and my foster father's crazed laughter.

I took in everyone's negative feelings and was crushed under their weight.

As a result, I ended up sealing away my memories of the divine sword, as well as some of my emotions. No, Oratorio must have sealed them away to protect me. I realize that now.

If I had retained those memories, I would have been destroyed by my fear of the power, combined with my guilt and regret. Back then, Oratorio seemed to be nothing more than a symbol of destruction and despair.

But Oratorio's melody was not merely a tool for spreading despair. This instrument bearing the name of a divine sword could also play a song of hope and bring many people happiness. I knew it in my heart.

As if in response to my resolve, Oratorio showed me the proper way to play it.

I strummed the silver harp, which had grown to match the size of my arms. Then, a number of instruments began floating around me.

A drum, an organ, a violin, a castanet, and many more. Every single instrument I was capable of playing revealed itself.

They arranged themselves in a semicircle around me, almost as if they were all a part of one huge instrument.

Because they were. All of them were part of Oratorio. If I wanted them to make a sound, all I had to do was wish for it, and the instruments played exactly how I wanted them to.

With this, it would be possible to play a complex piece of music by myself. The ultimate instrument for any magic performer. This was the true form of the Holy Songblade, Oratorio.

「Everyone! Please lend me your power!」

「P-Power? What should we do?」

Anna-san gave Oratorio a confused glance, but immediately responded to my words. Everyone else was listening as well.

So I told them exactly what.

「Just sing!」

「Eh? Umm, like right now?」

They still looked puzzled. Of course they were, but that's exactly what we needed to save Fran.

「Yes! Don't worry, you all know the song!」

「O-Okay! You're our saintess, so I'll believe in you!」

「Thank you very much.」

Anna-san's words seemed to have convinced everyone. They straightened their backs in preparation to sing.

The song I played was one that everyone in the city has sung before. I'm sure they've heard it more than any lullaby.

「Truth in Music, activate... Composition, [The Song of Adventurers].」

I drew a score to give form to the feelings and power contained in the song. How long has it been since I felt this excited?

「Now then, let's begin.」

Breathing in lightly, I weaved out my hopes for the future.

「I've risked my life~...♪ Coming to this dangerous golden land~...♪ Gotta get rich quick! Dreaming of adventure...♪」

「Oh, this song is...」

「I know this one!」

「But why pick this?」

They seemed to understand immediately what song it was when they heard me start singing. However, they were confused in a different way.

It's true that this wasn't the kind of song you would normally sing on the battlefield. The tune was cheerful, only fitting for a bar, and the lyrics were pretty terrible.

But this song of adventures and bonding has been sung for so many years. It's the perfect one for the situation.

As I sang, I turned around and looked at everyone with the thought, "Come on, together now!" It seems they understood my intention.

Anna-san and the others started to sing along with me. Only a few at first. But gradually, the number of singers, and amount of emotions conveyed in the lyrics increased.

「We are adventurers~...♪ The golden adventurers~...♪」

「No foe shall make us falter!」

「Dragons, demons, bring anything on!」

「The hordes of antidemons will be a piece of cake!」

「For booze, for friends, for gold! The adventurers fight on!」

「Don’t lose...♪ Keep going...♪ Show them your pride...♪」

「Stand up! Come on, this is our chance to show them what we’ve got!」

「Show them what you got!」

「We’re with you!」

「We are adventurers~...♪」

「「「The golden adventurers~...♪」」」

I united everyone's thoughts and feelings and infused them into Oratorio's melody.

The song turned into pure power, and I could feel it spreading everywhere. In my current state, I think I could deliver this to the entire city.

So I made a wish.

For the safety of Fran and the others, and for victory in the battle against antidemons. All woven into the song played by Oratorio and the people behind me.

「Woof!」

They're coming into view! Fran and her friends are still in the fight!

I shouted, to show that we were here for them.

「Fran! I've brought reinforcements!」



