---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 965"
permalink: Tenken/0965.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 965
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>965: Silard to the Rescue?</h2>

Upon our arrival at Sendia, we found many adventurers guarding the city walls. They must be watching out for any more signs of the giant antidemon――aka the titan-type.

Many eyes followed us as soon as we entered the town. However, they were focused on Fran, not Izario, and everyone was very welcoming.

Furthermore, many of them called out to her by various nicknames, such as "friend of the saintess" or "the black cat princess".

Numerous citizens expressed their gratitude for saving the city and the saintess. Izario was pretty famous, but it seems Fran was now more popular here in Sendia.

「Whoa, you're super popular.」

「Really?」

Izario smirked and tapped Fran on the shoulder in a teasing manner. However, Fran saw how popular Izario was at the guild and how popular Sophie was in this town. She also experienced a warm welcome when she visited the black cat village.

Because of those experiences, she probably didn't think much of her popularity.

Fran continued walking, sometimes waving back at other people lightly. Then, we ran into a familiar face.

I don't remember his name, but he's a low-level member of the Beastmen Union. I've seen him with Mea on several occasions.

「Sis! You're back!」

He called Fran "Sis" and gave a broad smile. Fran must be a well-respected idol to many of the beastmen.

「Do you know where Mea, Sophie, and Velmeria are?」

「Yes! Should be at the base right next to us! Oh, and Velmeria the dragon girl, right? I haven't seen her recently.」

「What about the Silard guys?」

「They're probably at the inn, I think?」

Seems like they haven't left town at least.

「Should I take you to the base?」

「Please.」

「Roger!」

Fran wanted to confirm Mea and Sophie's safety before she could relax. Izario knew the importance of getting the cooperation of the town's influential leaders, so he didn't have any complaints either.

While walking, the guy told us about what happened when the titan-type appeared.

The whole town went into a panic when the titan appeared right next to Sendia. It was unprecedented for the town to find another antidemon horde right after having fought off such huge numbers earlier.

Besides, the collapsed walls had yet to be repaired, and the reorganization of forces wasn't complete either. It was literally the worst possible time for an attack.

Still, the Sanatorium, the Beastmen Union, the dragonkin, and the guild teamed up to mount a counterattack. With the Saintess, Mea, and Velmeria backing them up, many thought they'd be able to pull through.

However, unexpected reinforcements showed up.

To their surprise, an army engaged the titan-type and antidemon horde from the rear. It was the knight order from the Holy Nation of Silard.

They took the brunt of antidemons themselves, so there was almost no damage to the town. Only a few people were injured by the tremors.

In the end, Sendia's forces struck at the antidemons while they were engaged with the knights, and succeeded in eliminating the horde.

Also, the holy knights suffered considerable casualties. The ratkin praised them for their efforts and said he saw them in a new light.

「Well, none of our attacks worked on the big guy, but that's where Miss Mea and the Saintess came in! The two of them teamed up with the Divine Sword Knight, and they took him down in no time at all!」

Adol could have defeated the titan-type alone, so it must have been really quick with Mea and Sophie's assistance. But still, why would the holy knights sacrifice themselves to save Sendia?

Those guys always had the "holier than thou" attitude, so they'd despise the residents of an illegal city. I don't think Adol should have any reason to help Sendia at the expense of his men.

The holy knights seemed more likely to use Sendia as bait rather than themselves. I can imagine that happening more easily.

But at least we learned that Sophie was safe, and that the holy knights haven't done anything suspicious yet.

While conversing with the beastman, we soon arrived at our destination. The gatekeeper at the entrance recognized Fran and let her in without another word.

「Oh, it's Fran! You're back!」

「Mea, are you okay? With the giant antidemon and Silard.」

「Indeed, we are practically unharmed, though it seems the holy knights took their fair share of casualties.」

It seems Sophie was somewhere else at the moment, so only Mea greeted us.

「The man next to you is... Izario-dono!?」

「Oh, you're the Beast King's daughter, right?」

「Did you know each other?」

「We've exchanged a greeting or two, though I am very familiar with Izario-dono's exploits. As we are both flame wielders, he is an existence I cannot ignore!」

Mea's eyes radiated pure reverence. Her race and class were both focused on controlling flames, so she had great respect for Izario, the absolute best when it came to fire.

She's only met Izario in person a few times, but it seems she knew a lot about him.

「H-Handshake, please!」

「Haven't we done this before?」

「I'll ask every time either way!」

「Well, fine I guess. I heard the holy knights of Silard saved this town. Is it true?」

「Oh, about that...」

Mea chuckled and told us the true story.

「Luckily for us, they simply got caught up in the antidemon attack.」

It seems holy knights had no intention of saving Sendia. Rather, the titan-type just happened to appear right in front of them.

At first they tried to escape, but antidemons suddenly appeared to surround them and block their escape route. Sendia's forces took advantage of the situation to strike. That's what really happened.

Mea had also heard about the agreement between the Holy Nation and the Medical Director. However, her thinking was that Adol would not take any action against Sophie because of how exhausted he was currently.

So Silard claimed to be the city's saviors when they really just wanted to run. How shameless can they get?

During our conversation with Mea, someone else appeared from the back. It was Quina, Mea's maid.

「I sent out a messenger just now, so I believe the Saintess will arrive shortly.」

It seems she sent one of the beastmen to call for Sophie.

「Wonderful! How thoughtful of you, Quina!」

「Indeed, unlike a certain young lady who keeps her guests standing without serving them any tea.」

「...I-I was just about to do that! Prepare the tea immediately!」

「It is already prepared over there, so please help yourself.」

「...F-Fuhahaha! Just look at how capable my retainer is!」

These guys are the same as ever.




