---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 970"
permalink: Tenken/0970.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 970
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>970: Vs Titan-Type</h2>

While riding Urushi, Fran neutralized all the rubble thrown by the titan via storage.

「While Black Lightning Princess-dono has his attention, we'll go around! Everyone, move!」

「「「 Roger! 」」」

「「「 Got it! 」」」

Hagane's commander Shikimi gave the order and everyone obeyed. Not only the old soldiers under her command, but soldiers from other nations and the adventurers as well.

Perhaps it was because of her status as a great nation's general, but that wasn't all. She radiated an aura that compelled them to follow her, perhaps the effect of her commander skills.

At any rate, it seems the command of the troops could be left to her without any problems.

『Urushi. Let's maintain just the right distance so the titan gets pissed and tries to smash us directly.』

「W-Woof?」

『Basically, don't get too close.』

「Woof!」

『Fran, we're gonna shoot some random spells to provoke him.』

「Nn!」

We cast some flashy explosion spells, focused on attracting the titan's attention. He barely took any damage though.

He's incredibly durable in the first place, and the mana drain reduced the power of our magic further. The spells needed to fly through the air, and by the time they reached the titan, they were weakened to the point of getting easily blocked by his barrier.

That's fine since our main goal was to lure him out, but we have to watch out for that when we try to finish him off.

「Ruooooorgh!」

「Mrgh!」

『Tch! He's got a brain!』

The titan suddenly changed his strategy after noticing how we stored away his thrown rubble.

Instead of picking up another large piece of debris, he grabbed a cluster of rocks. After crushing them in his hand, he threw them at us like pellets from a shotgun. Though smaller than the debris, each of the rocks was over one meter in diameter.

A direct hit would be dangerous, even for Fran.

We could easily dodge this, but letting them through would allow them to strike the second division instead. The titan-type had positioned himself at the perfect angle.

This meant he was actually pretty smart, in addition to the huge size and regeneration abilities. Rather than having any special powers, he fought using sheer stats. That's kinda similar to the Midgardsormr we fought before. Well, I guess that snake was pretty dumb in comparison.

And we still don't know if he's got some abilities yet to be shown.

『I'll knock down the rocks with telekinesis and wind magic. Fran, you store the closer ones!』

「Nn!」

The titan threw five more piles of rocks, with us blocking each one. The barrage of magic and arrows our soldiers were sending got more and more intense too.

Even if it dealt little damage, the titan seemed to dislike getting hit in the face. He began to swat away the long-range attacks with his hands.

Finally, the titan-type got fed up with the situation.

「Ruuaaah!」

『Alright! The big guy's moving! Let's lead him outside the walls! Urushi, can you keep this distance?』

「Woof!」

The titan turned his huge body towards us and the soldiers behind us. He steadily approached us, step by step, crushing the houses and buildings along the way.

He may look slow, but he's like 200 meters tall. Each step meant him closing a distance of over 50 meters.

He reached the walls in basically no time at all, slamming his body into it with a dull thud. It seems he didn't manage to lift his legs far enough to overcome the wall, so he got caught on it.

「Rraoogh!」

「Over here, slowpoke!」

「Ruagh!」

「Arf!」

Fran and Urushi jumped around right in front of the titan's face. Then, with a roar of rage, the titan charged forward with an even greater speed than before, crashing through the walls.

He reached out in an attempt to grab us, but Urushi maintained our flight just barely out of reach.

The irritated titan-type pushed forward, again and again.

Each footstep caused a huge tremor as he tried to capture Fran.

As usual, he was completely focused on us.

Fran radiated an obvious large aura of mana, while the second diversion only had numbers, not being particularly powerful. It seems the antidemon preferred Fran as a meal.

Therefore, only paying attention to us.

I thought he might have been intelligent, but maybe not. He was clearly unaware of our plan to lead him into a trap. Or maybe he arrogantly thought a tiny opponent like us was no threat?

Either way, that mistake will be his end.

『Great Wall!』

The titan lost his balance on the land magic wall placed in front of his feet. He collapsed to the ground while waving his arms comically.

*Thud*!

The force of his fall resulted in a tremor, powerful enough to make the soldiers leave the ground for a moment. Although we had simply tripped him, his sheer mass meant this caused a significant amount of damage.

But this wall was not my work alone. Hagane's commander Shikimi also contributed to the spell.

So it seems she's a master of land magic.

She managed to adjust the width and shape of the wall, making it just the right size to trip the titan. It would take a lot of skill for such intricate control over magic.

As the woman in charge of a divine sword wielder, she must be quite talented in her own right.

『Alright! Let's strike while the iron is hot!』

「Nn!」

「Woof!」





