---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 928"
permalink: Tenken/0928.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 928
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>928: The Reliable Two, Asleep</h2>

『What was all that Wolfking Blade Fenrir stuff about?』

『Oh that…… I know you got a huge boost, but I never expected that'd cause some kinda half-assed renaming sequence. It really caught us off-guard too.』

《Affirmative. The suspension of the renaming process generated a great deal of energy with no outlet, a portion of which almost escaped our control.》

『I see. So I almost got renamed, but it got canceled at the last minute?』

Wolfking Blade Fenrir…… It almost sounds like the name of a divine sword.

My body was made out of a failed divine sword. With Fenrir and Announcer-san's abilities added to the mix, I could see myself attaining powers close to the level of a divine sword.

But before the battle, they said my mind wouldn't withstand the process. It seems to me there's more to it than just a temporary name change.

『It's…… a possibility for the future. One of the futures that you――or rather, we――might reach.』

『You mean I could become a divine sword?』

『Yeah, a blade containing my power. The Wolfking Blade, Fenrir.』

『You don't sound very enthusiastic about that?』

『Like I said before, the current you wouldn't be able to withstand fusing with me. And if you were able to withstand it, that'd mean you're no longer yourself.』

『Y-You mean I would have to turn into a sword completely? Like the version of me that Rhyn showed us?』

『Exactly. That's why you taking the name of the Wolfking Blade is an outcome we can't accept.』

『I see……』

So if I wanted to become a divine sword, I'd need to turn into a sword completely. But at the same time, I won't be myself anymore. Sure, it'll make me stronger, but…… I'd be making Fran sad.

No. There's no way that's happening.

『Then what about the "Evil Wolf Blade" or the "Blade of Blind Knowledge"?』

《Those are separate possibilities from the Wolfking Blade. The Evil Wolf Blade, a sword drawing on the power of individual Fenrir, after his corruption with evil energy. The Blade of Blind Knowledge, a false divine sword created by unifying the remnants of two divine swords that have already been long lost. Both were displayed as possible outcomes.》

『In other words, you might have become those too.』

They didn't sound too bad to me, but Fenrir's tone suggested otherwise. He continued the explanation with a bitter tone in his voice.

『Your vessel was originally a divine sword, and its ability to manipulate the divine attribute puts it pretty close already. So if you get a boost of power, you'd meet the conditions for renaming. That said, you'd probably end up not reaching the level of divine sword, so you'd get renamed as a psuedo divine sword.』

《However, if the name of the individual Master is changed, even temporarily, the main personality will be adjusted to individual Fenrir or temporary name Announcer-san.》

『In that case, we'll have nothing holding back the Evil God Fragment. That's why we had to prevent the renaming.』

I'm still not too sure how this whole naming system works. I know that when the gods approve of something, that something naturally gets a name, just like Fran's equipment.

The name change usually happens on its own, but I guess that's different in my case. Thanks to Announcer-san and Fenrir, it seems we can intervene in the naming process.

So they decided it would be too dangerous to accept the renaming, and refused it on my behalf.

『Basically, you're saying that it's not a good idea to change my name so easily?』

『Exactly. Just keep being Master and grow stronger in your own way.』

《Affirmative. This is also the wish of individual Fran.》

Not to be smug, but Announcer-san is probably right.

If I were to become a divine sword at the price of becoming machine-like, Fran would say that she doesn't want a divine sword. I'm sure of it.

『Woops. It's about time to go.』

《Beginning temporary period of dormancy.》

『Well, I guess this is goodbye for a while.』

《Please take care of individual Fran in the meanwhile.》

『Send my regards to Fran!』

And then, I felt their presence fading away. Completely losing the boosting effect must be what put them to sleep.

I'll be separated from my dependable companions for a few days or even weeks. That's no different than when I first arrived in this world, but it's strangely unnerving. I guess that's how much I relied on the two.

If I screw up while they're gone, they'll be pissed when they get back. I have to keep things together.

Urushi must have sensed the change in my line of thought. He looked at me with sleepy eyes.

（Woof?）

『So it seems like I won't be falling asleep. Leave Fran to me.』

（Woof!）

『You did a really good job this time too. It's because you went with Sophie that we were able to get her full support. That's not a front and center role, but it was truly a fine play.』

（Woof!）

『I know, I know. When you wake up, you're in for a treat. So get some rest now.』

（Woof woof!）

Urushi wagged his tail happily, sniffed Fran lightly, and sank into the shadows.

After Urushi disappeared, Zefmate, who was standing next to him, let out a grunt.

「Mrgh. No, I can't allow myself to sleep yet……」

Zefmate stood in front of Mea, trying to fight off his drowsiness. I guess he's trying to act as her guard until the situation calms down a little.

There's a pretty big difference between Urushi, who knew of my existence, and Zefmate, who didn't. I'd love to tell him that he can rest since I'll handle the watch, but that's not really possible.

But then, the goddess of salvation appeared before us. Ehh actually, she's not kind enough to be called a "goddess". On second thought, the goddesses of this world are pretty damn harsh, so maybe "goddess" would be correct after all.

「Zefmate, explain yourself.」

「Quina-sama……」

「You certainly look exhausted. The lady tends to be rather careful despite her appearances, and yet she's fallen asleep at a place like this……」

Mea's maid, Quina, had entered the room. She's as expressionless as ever.

「We fought off…… a horde of antidemons. Then…… with the help of the saintess……」

Zefmate tried to explain, but his sluggish speech made him impossible to understand. Quina realized that rather quickly, and gave up on talking to him.

Instead, she turned my way.

『Quina, let Zefmate rest while I explain everything.』

（Master-san, I hoped you might say that. Please explain every detail of this matter down to the letter.）

『Please be gentle.』

If I'm subject to Quina's interrogation, I think I'd spill the beans on anything. Ugh, I'm getting chills I'm not supposed to be capable of feeling!

「Zefmate, I'll take care of the rest. You get some sleep.」

「Under… stood……」

Zefmate barely managed to nod at Quina's words, before walking unsteadily to the corner of the room and collapsing. It seems he didn't have the composure to worry about the blunder of sleeping in the same room as his master, Mea.

「「「「「 Zzzz…… 」」」」」

The sleeping breaths of the five were the only things that could be heard in the room. It was strangely quiet outside, so maybe the townspeople were trying not to disturb us.

No, actually it seems many of them had fallen asleep too. The only ones capable of moving were those with higher base mana, since that reduced the burden on themselves.

（So? How did this situation come about?）

『Man, where do I start……』

（From the beginning, if possible.）

『Okay. I'll try to be brief, but I'll start from the beginning.』

We have plenty of time, after all.



