---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 995"
permalink: Tenken/0995.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 995
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>995: Trismegistus' Situation</h2>

A golden light flew wildly through the vast subterranean space, obliterating each antidemon as it closed in. Rather than slowing down, Trismegistus' speed just kept rising.

Just how strong can he be?

（Master?）

『Don't worry, it's nothing.』

It seems I started trembling without realizing it. It's like my very sense of humanity was being shaken. Fear and anxiety welled up in me.

We will be meeting and speaking with this monster after this. What if his power is ever directed at Fran?

My worries were further emphasized by the fact that he was not someone we could trust, both in terms of his position and sanity.

That said, we're not enemies yet. Instead of worrying about the future, I should be burning Trismegistus' fighting style into my eyes.

As I desperately followed the high-speed battle, I noticed something changing within Trismegistus.

『His life force... is being drained...?』

「True.」

Fran, who heard my mutter, focused even closer on Trismegistus after a short moment of surprise. It wasn't just my imagination.

His entire body was covered in fine scratches, clearly beginning to take damage.

「What's wrong, little lady?」

「Trismegistus is bleeding even without getting hit.」

「Oh, that.」

After hearing Fran's whisper, Izario turned to look at the golden dragonkin with eyes that seemed to contain pity.

「Trismegistus is pushing himself over the limit, putting his entire body under a terrible strain. It's quite literally killing him.」

Even after using Divine Dragon Form, he fought at maximum power. Yeah, I can see how dangerous that is. It's as if Fran went all out after activating both Brilliant Lightning Rush and Potential Release.

「Will he be okay?」

「Not quite. He'll destroy himself at this rate.」

「?」

「The legends call him immortal, but it's a little more complicated than that. In actuality, he resurrects as soon as he's about to die, in the throne room back there. That's how his immortality curse works.」

He can't leave the castle grounds, and he's inflicted with eternal agony unless he kills antidemons every day. Even if he dies, he'll be resurrected and forced to continue fighting. This was the true nature of the curse placed on Trismegistus.

By taking advantage of his ability to revive himself after death, he could maximize usage of his strengthening skills, even if it kills him. So that's the secret behind Trismegistus' strength.

Or rather, there's no way he could slay so many antidemons day after day without this trick.

While I shuddered at his sheer power, Fran seemed to feel differently.

『Fran, what's wrong?』

「...Nn.」

The emotion on Fran's face was... pity?

Come to think of it, the current Trismegistus was practically enslaved to the gods. If I didn't know the history behind the mythical sinner who almost ended the world, maybe I could've sympathized with him.

After all, he's forbidden from leaving the castle and forced to resurrect and fight forever. Harsh doesn't even begin to describe his punishment.

Living in such a luxurious castle was certainly no consolation prize.

「Mmm.」

『Fannabelta is shining.』

The blade of his falchion Fannabelta, presumably his Intelligence Weapon, glowed with a silver light.

It apparently had an ability for extending its range by extending a blade of mana. Meanwhile, it was sharp enough to cut through antidemons like the straw targets we use for practice.

I have to say it might be superior to me in terms of plain sharpness. Is that the original performance in play? Or maybe it's due to Trismegistus' mana?

At any rate, the beloved sword of the strongest dragonkin seemed to be fit for the job.

Izario noticed Fran staring at Fannabelta, so he spoke up.

「Little lady, you're interested in Trismegistus' sword?」

「Nn.」

「I see. Then I have a word of advice.」

「?」

「Trismegistus behaves strangely when it comes to matters regarding that sword. He's generally uninterested in other people. That's to say, he doesn't care much for anyone. But when the subject of his sword comes up, there's no telling what he might do.」

The only sword owned by Trismegistus, the silvery-white falchion that he calls his partner. It’s only natural that many were curious.

Some attempted to analyze his sword, or even steal it. Sometimes he forgave them without issue. Yet occasionally, he would slice off someone's head for simply mentioning their wish to touch the blade.

Even in such cases, he showed no sign of anger.

It was as if killing them became necessary for some reason. As if someone ordered their death. That's what it seemed like.

「There's no easy way to tell what might anger him. Just, whenever that sword is involved, his actions are even more mysterious.」

『That's pretty scary.』

（Nn.）

The transcendent who was annihilating swarms of greater antidemons right in front of us, and he suddenly wanted someone dead? That's nothing but a nightmare.

「So if you sense anything wrong, run away immediately. Forget everything else, just run.」

「Okay.」

Fran nodded her head, but I have to wonder if talking to Trismegistus was safe in the first place. We only wanted to meet Fannabelta in order to find some hint for preventing me from going crazy.

However, it's not worth it if we have to risk Fran's life.

『Fran. Maybe we don't need to push our luck by talking to him?』

（No way.）

『But...』

（We'll definitely talk to him!）




