---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 953"
permalink: Tenken/0953.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 953
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>953: Investigation Path</h2>

「Hey, little lady. Can we take a break now?」

「Nn? Already?」

「Man, you're so energetic. I ain't young anymore, so this is already tiring me out.」

「Okay.」

We left Bultori early in the morning for the investigation, and half a day passed since then.

Our destination was the central region of the continent, the location containing Trismegistus' castle. Also where the source of the antidemons, the Abyss Eater, lays dormant.

To tell the truth, the Silver Lady also informed us about Trismegistus and his beloved blade along with the data on the divine swords. We didn't hear anything about his personality, but I had a reasonable idea of his whereabouts and abilities.

There's a small castle in the center of the continent, which is where Trismegistus called home.

Well, our current destination was a bit closer than that.

All we needed to do was check on the number of antidemons in the center of the continent, then report back on any anomalies.

Izario said he's already tired, but I'm pretty sure he's just concerned for Fran. She hadn't eaten since we departed in the morning after all.

Fran hopped off Urushi and immediately started making preparations for lunch.

In the middle of the expansive wilderness, she created a table and chairs with land magic. Thanks to her improved skills, the table was perfectly flat. Throw on a white tablecloth, and it's done.

Though to be honest, I told her to do all that via telepathy. Fran never cared much for this kind of stuff, but a good eating environment always makes the meal taste better. She even made a chair for Izario.

「Y-You really pay attention to the details.」

「From Master.」

「Hmm? So that's what your master taught you? You must've learned from a real pro then, eh?」

Izario nodded in admiration before sitting down in the chair in front of him. He seemed to be seriously impressed with me because he understood the importance of these details.

I took out some stew and karaage. I'm sure Fran would prefer curry, but she just had that this morning. I picked out something else for her nutritional balance.

「*Nom nom*!」

「*Munch munch*!」

Fran and Urushi started gulping down the stew along with the huge bowl of karaage. I would have wiped the stew off their mouths as usual, but Izario was watching us.

Many say that hunger is the best spice, but Fran and Urushi always eat like this. In no time at all, most of the karaage had disappeared into their stomachs.

Izario glanced at us. He couldn't hide the envy on his face, but he never asked for anything.

I guess even this guy would feel bad about taking food from a kid. He started eating his own ham and mustard sandwich.

Most adventurers might consider that a decent meal, but it paled in comparison to Fran's. The mix of emotions on his face was something words could not describe.

Now Fran glanced over at Izario. She gently lifted up the plate with only three pieces of karaage left and placed it in front of Izario.

「Here you go.」

「……Are you sure?」

「Nn.」

「Thanks!」

So he won't ask for anything, but he'll take whatever he can get. Izario quickly snatched up the plate of karaage, as if saying no takebacks.

「T-This is……!」

「Is it good?」

「Yeah! Damn delicious! Now if only I had some booze too!」

Thank goodness, it seems he didn't bring any alcohol. He'd probably be drinking right now if he had any on him.

As I was thinking that, Fran took out a few bottles. To my surprise, they contained alcohol beverages.

『What! Fran, where did you get those!?』

（At the guild's bar. I picked up some leftovers.）

Fran was always strangely interested in drinking. She must have stored the bottles someone left lying around the day of the party.

「Eh? Little lady?」

「Here you go.」

「No, no, no. Even I can't drink here……」

「……? You're stronger when you drink, right? You never know what might happen, so it's better to be in perfect condition.」

「Y-Yeah?」

「Nn!」

Fran believed Izario's lies! Come to think of it, I didn't exactly deny it either. She really thought Izario was better off when drunk!

「Here.」

「O-Okay.」

Izario picked up the bottle with a look of determination. I guess he couldn't admit his lies after going this far.

But should we really let Izario drink here? What if some emergency happens while he's drunk? Nah, I guess I can always detox him in that case.

Let the guy take responsibility for his words.

Izario took a hesitant sip, then his eyes widened. Well, it's spirits after all. The alcohol content level was no joke.

Three whole bottles had been placed on the table in front of Izario. They packed such a punch that even this Rank S adventurer had to hesitate.

But Izario refused to back down. With renewed determination, he started chugging straight from the bottle. I'm sure any ordinary person doing that would collapse from acute alcohol poisoning.

『Don't try this at home, kids!』

（Master?）

『Fran. If you ever drink in the future, never drink like that, okay? Take small sips so you can savor the flavor.』

（Okay.）

Well, at least he ended up serving as a good example of what not to do. He's still a bad influence in general, but I'll let him off the hook this time.

「Woah! This stuff's great!」

「I see.」

「T-Thank you.」

Anyways, seems like we're taking a short break. Guess I'll detox him once we start moving again.

After erasing the table and chairs, Fran went over to Urushi while Izario sat on a nearby rock. Fran relaxed while leaning on Urushi and enjoying his warmth.

Izario also seemed to be resting his body.

The strange silence lasted for a few minutes, before Izario suddenly opened his mouth.

「Hey, little lady.」

「What?」

「What brings you to this continent?」

Izario wore the same casual expression as always. I couldn't tell from his face whether he was just trying to start a conversation or if he really cared.

But just then, I saw a slight twinge of seriousness in his eyes. Fran noticed it too, straightening her posture a little.

Well, she kept leaning on Urushi though.



