---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 926"
permalink: Tenken/0926.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 926
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>926: Sendia Defense Complete</h2>

At about the same time as Urushi's victory, our other companions also concluded their battles.

Mea unleashed a huge pillar of white flames that pierced the heavens. Despite the pillar completely consuming her opponent, a four-armed knight-type, we didn't feel any heat at all. That meant she controlled those flames perfectly.

Meanwhile, Velmeria's opponent was a huge knight-type about five meters tall. She simply ignored the size difference and took it head-on, ending the fight by crushing its head with her water-cloaked fist.

Zefmate, who struggled the most, was up against a knight-type with disproportionately long arms and legs. He still managed to win after shredding it to pieces with a flurry of strikes.

Compared to Fran and the others, Zefmate took a considerable amount of damage. I think that's representative of the difference between their original abilities, rather than Holy Beast Form being inferior to Divine Beast Form.

If someone like Royce and Gaudartha, the Beast King's retainers, managed to activate Holy Beast Form, I think they would reach somewhere around Fran's level.

「Zefmate, splendid work!」

「Thank you, my lady.」

It seems his relationship with his master is going well too. Zefmate smiled after receiving Mea's praise.

Everyone completed their job perfectly, defeating all the potential commanders. As a result, a change occurred over the antidemon horde.

The same thing that happened in Castel. Without their leaders, they began to move individually and erratically. Like I thought, it seems all the ones we just defeated were commanders. There must have been so many antidemons here because they consisted of several hordes merged together, each with its own commander.

「They're coming!」

All the antidemons around us immediately started rushing at us. At this rate, the avalanche of antidemons might push toward Sendia too.

But Fran and the others had no need to worry.

Between them and Sendia stood a giant dragon, Lindwurm.

「Guooooooooooh!」

The shockwave from his roar knocked down the antidemons, with the flames from his mouth instantly turning them into ash. Each swing of his tail cleaved countless down, and the wind from his wingbeat held the entire hordes in place.

Lindwurm became an impregnable fortress all by himself. No antidemon would be able to break through his defense line.

That said, there was no telling how long Oratorio's effects would last.

「We must destroy the remaining antidemons as soon as possible!」

「Nn!」

Fran and the others scattered to the four winds, and exterminated the remaining antidemons as quickly as they could.

Well, Fran mostly sat back while Urushi and I blasted them with spells. I made use of thunder and flame magic, while controlling the metal wolves at the same time.

In his enhanced state, Urushi could fire off dark spells far into the distance, much further than any human sorcerer.

We also saw white flames raging silently in the horizon, as well as water swallowing up antidemons like a gluttonous beast.

Was that Zefmate jumping around in the air next to the white flames? I hope he's watching out for friendly fire.

Even if Mea managed to control her flames perfectly, she still gave me the impression of being a bit of an airhead. A little mistake, and we might end up having to bury Zefmate's ashes.

Seeing Zefmate so close gave me a little anxiety, but he still moved way faster and trickier than before.

Thanks to his Blue Leopard skill, the effect of Leopard Legs could be applied to his entire body. By activating it on his hands, elbows, and even tail, he could make physically impossible changes of direction midair.

Despite all the worry, he ended up coming out just fine. Well, they cut it pretty damn close once, but he pulled off the evasion.

The one with the most kills was probably Mea, with Velmeria in second place.

「We've got all of them!」

「That's all the antidemons in the area. We did it.」

Mea and Velmeria gave each other a high-five. It seems they ended up becoming good friends.

「Woof!」

「Urushi, that was so cool!」

『You'll get your reward later!』

「Woof woof!」

The crisis at hand had been averted.

「We won.」

「Indeed we have!」

While everyone was rejoicing, the song of adventurers echoing through the battlefield suddenly came to a stop. Following this, the golden mana enveloping us lost its luster.

「What? The power is...」

『It'll be bad if we stay here! Let's get back to town while we still can!』

「Nn. Let's head back.」

「Indeed! We run for the town!」

I have no clue what sort of aftereffects we will see, but just look at how much stronger everyone has become. There's no way we're getting away scot-free.

With all our remaining strength, we rushed to Sophie's side. Well, that only took a few seconds in our boosted state.

As we approached the town, it became clear why the singing had stopped. Everyone was sitting down and completely exhausted, including Sophie.

I guess they had to give it their all too.

Still, they all stood back up and waved to us when they saw Fran and the others return. Everyone greeted us with applause and cheers.

「Thank you!」

「You really saved us!」

「Everyone was just amazing!」

Each face had a smile. We could easily tell that this happiness and gratitude came from the bottom of their hearts.

Seeing all their smiling faces, Fran whispered to herself.

「What a relief.」

『You can say that again.』

There was no need for further words. I completely understood what Fran was trying to say, since I felt the exact same way.



