---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 985"
permalink: Tenken/0985.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 985
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>985: Berserk's Aura</h2>

「**Divine Sword Release**!」

In response to Matsuyuki's voice, black mana overflowed from the still sheathed Berserk. At the same time, white mana erupted from the scabbard.

Those black and white shades mixed irregularly in the air. White mana stirring in the midst of the ominous black mana. Does that look like a skull, or am I just imagining things out of my fear of the blade?

Little by little, Matsuyuki dragged out Berserk from its scabbard. As more of the jet-black blade appeared, a proportional amount of that accursed mana was unleashed upon the world.

「!」

「Kuhn!」

『Run! Run!!』

Simply sensing the leaking mana up close without any hostility behind it was enough to make Fran and Urushi break into a cold sweat.

No, this mana was not without negative effects even if there was no direct damage.

『Tch! My spell……!』

The immense cloud of mana suddenly made magic control really difficult. I tried to teleport us away, but the spell didn't work at all.

『Sorry Fran! Keep running!』

「Nn!」

Fran increased her speed even more, while keeping an eye on her rear. However, we didn't run straight away.

「Izario!」

「Little lady, keep going! We might be in trouble here too!」

Fran must be worried about the adventurers making it out in time. She called out to Izario, who had already canceled his divine sword activation and was looking sluggish.

Though he was quite worn out, it wasn't enough to keep him from moving.

But he did slow down considerably. Besides, the other adventurers were much slower than Fran.

It would take a while longer before they escape to safety.

If only my magic was working, I could have cast Dimension Gate to get us away!

Fran took the lead in front of the adventurers. She turned around and started to encourage everyone, raising her voice, which was rare for Fran.

「Everyone, you can do it!」

「Yeah, come on guys! Show the girl your spirit!」

「「「Yeah!」」」

The adventurers pushed themselves in response to Fran's shouts. They were already exhausted, but giving up wasn't an option when someone as young as Fran cheered them on.

Then, the entire group clearly picked up the pace. The effect of Fran's title had been activated.

「Izario! Ajisai and the others are still back there!」

「They ain't coming either way! Never mind them!」

Ajisai simply stood there watching Matsuyuki. The old soldiers of Hagane remained in formation around the two as if to protect them. Like Izario said, they had no intention of running away.

「Anyways, just keep running!」

「……Nn.」

The adventurers continued their dash at the same pace. After 30 seconds, the group as a whole began slowing down. The physically inferior sorcerers, who had been sprinting at full speed, ran out of steam.

They normally would have been able to run a little longer, but they were worn out from the series of fierce battles.

Still, the warriors picked up the sorcerers on their backs and kept going at full speed.

Everyone felt the unbearable, disturbing aura.

「Little lady, thanks.」

「Izario, you okay?」

「Not really……」

Fran started carrying Izario on her back. Though he managed to avoid collapsing, he still seemed to be in really bad shape. Izario didn't refuse the offer.

This was not a situation to be concerned with pride either way.

Fran and the others kept moving their legs frantically, as if being chased by the vicious aura of Berserk.

『It's starting!』

Matsuyuki suddenly prepared for battle. I felt a sense of ferocity, like the moment when a beast dives at its prey.

The antidemons, who had seemed so fearsome, were no longer on our minds. Berserk's presence was so terrifying that they looked petty in comparison.

So this is Berserk, said to be one of the strongest divine swords. I've heard it's capable of surpassing Alpha in pure combat power alone. I can understand why now, even though the battle had yet to begin.

「**RUUOOOOOOOOOGH**!」

Matsuyuki's bestial roar echoed through the air. All the adventurers grimaced upon hearing it.

Although we've already escaped the cloud of Berserk's mana, its shiver-inducing aura did not diminish one bit.

Matsuyuki raised her hand, which should have been holding Berserk. The blade itself could not be seen due to the dense cloak of jet-black mana covering it.

The next moment, Izario's wall of the divine flame burst open and disappeared.

Matsuyuki had swung down Berserk, slicing through the wall along with her enemy. Her single swing left one of the antidemons dead.

The antidemon should have boasted high defenses, yet it got cut in half easily. She made it look so simple that I almost thought they were weak.

「「「Uuooooooorh!」」」

The antidemons braced themselves in caution upon witnessing Matsuyuki's preemptive strike. They must be instinctively afraid of Berserk as well.

Instead of charging her immediately, they spread out to surround her.

However, Matsuyuki refused to allow this, instead plunging into their ranks herself.

「Die!」

Matsuyuki's raspy, beast-like cry rang across the battlefield.

She made a wide swing with Berserk, and a flurry of small, black, petal-like mana particles shot out from the blade, enveloping one antidemon.

「Graaaah!」

The antidemon immediately began struggling in pain as its body suddenly shriveled up. This must be a more powerful version of the ability we saw before.

But I was more concerned about Matsuyuki's mental state than Berserk's powers. She certainly seemed incredibly aggressive, but it's not like she was going out of control.

What's going on here? I thought Berserk's wielder was supposed to rampage uncontrollably until they die?



