---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 968"
permalink: Tenken/0968.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 968
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>968: Valkyrie and Izario</h2>

The goal of the reorganization was to divide the forces as evenly as possible. This normally meant splitting up the three divine swords, one for each division.

However, this approach had one major problem.

Berserk. The blade's power could not be controlled. Taking a large force along with it ran a high risk of friendly fire.

That said, the council was also uncomfortable unleashing Berserk on the continent without any failsafe to restrain it.

That's why they decided to send Izario along to keep an eye on Hagane's forces. Makes sense. Put your most trusted man in charge of watching your biggest worry.

The main players were divided as follows: The first division with Silard and the elite dragonkin warriors. The second division with Hagane and Izario. The third division with Jayne, Orfalve, and Hilt.

Sophie and Mea were absent because Sendia's walls had yet to be repaired, so they needed to prioritize their own defenses. The council could not possibly order them to abandon their own city to save others, so this absence was allowed.

Meanwhile, Fran was assigned to the second division. While our division possessed two divine swords, we also had the fewest members. This made us the unit with the greatest mobility.

The intention was probably to maximize our speed, allowing us to reach the more distant titans as quickly as possible.

Our team members consisted of Hagane's army and a few adventurers we recognized. Also included was a detachment of knights riding on mounts.

With Izario as the leader, Fran and the others began heading south across the continent. Our destination was one of the illegal cities located southwest of Sendia.

There's apparently been no contact with the city since the incident.

The adventurers led by Fran marched at the same speed as the cavalry. This was thanks to Fran's title "March of the Valkyrie", which boosted the speed and stamina of adventurers under her command.

Both the cavalrymen riding alongside us and the adventurers themselves were shocked. Even Izario and the old soldiers of Hagane, who had already seen this once before, could not remain silent.

I guess it must look a little strange before you get used to it. Izario slid his board closer to Fran, and asked her in a whisper.

「Little lady. This is your skill or magic, right?」

「Nn.」

「I see... How long will it last? You maintained it quite a while last time, yeah? If it's too much for you, we can take a break along the way.」

「No problem.」

Since March of the Valkyrie was a title, there wasn't any direct burden on Fran. She simply needed to activate her own movement skills, which are then automatically shared with those under her command. Nothing that would cause her any serious fatigue.

Well, I guess the effect was reduced by half or so when shared. That meant Fran did have to focus on her skills more strongly to maintain the effect, but that's about it.

After hearing this, Izario thought to himself solemnly before putting on a deep frown.

「You shouldn't let anyone know about this title.」

Then he warned Fran in a whisper only she could hear.

「It's too easily abused for military purposes. Be especially careful of Silard.」

So that's one more thing we have to keep secret from Silard. Even Izario thought it was a skill or magic that came with some cost.

I guess the assumption was only natural. Fran managed to obtain this title because of my ability to share skills with her. It would be hard for any normal person to get, maybe even impossible.

The Valkyrie skill required for the title is the Innate Skill of the Valkyrie race. I kinda doubt normal people can actually acquire it.

Thankfully, I doubt many people can recognize this ability easily. No one would expect us to have this title, or even know about its existence in the first place.

My only concern was Appraisal, but we should be fine with the Silver Lady's camouflage bracelet.

However, just as Izario grew suspicious, other people would too after seeing it enough times. We might have to worry about Hagane.

『Hmm. What are we gonna do about this?』

The best option would be to take a break and not use it for a while, pretending to be tired. We could give everyone the impression that the ability can't be used for long periods of time.

But Fran didn't like that idea.

（If we take a break, we will be delayed.）

『Well, that's true...』

（There's no time to waste, not even a little.）

With the titan-types running amok, Fran didn't want to delay the march for a selfish reason. As Fran and I discussed our options, Izario took the initiative.

He approached the commander of Hagane's forces to discuss their future course of action.

「Shikimi-dono, we will take a short rest at the hill up ahead. Need to give the horses a rest, and the adventurers have been running the entire time too.」

「Very well, I agree. As we saw last time, it's amazing how they can march so fast.」

「Hahaha! I know, right? That's the effect of a precious magical tool.」

「Hoh? One that belongs to you, Izario-dono?」

「Yeah. I got it from a friend.」

Huh? He told them that it was the effect of his own magic tool. A surprised Fran looked at Izario with concern.

「Izario, what was that?」

「Don't worry about it, and let me take care of this. No one can lay a finger on me, and I can always say it broke during a fight.」

「...Why would you do that?」

「Us adults are animals with the natural desire to show off in front of you youngsters. Besides, you're quickly rising in the ranks. Not a bad idea for me to get in your good books while I still can.」

「Thanks.」

「But you owe me for this, yeah? You'd better not die before returning the favor.」

「Nn. I'll pay you back.」

「I'm sure you will.」

Izario, you might be a bad influence, but you're a pretty cool guy. Someone else "asking for a favor" would usually set off warning bells, but I didn't feel that way at all about Izario.

I know Fran likes him, but this guy's starting to grow on me too.


