---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 909"
permalink: Tenken/0909.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 909
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>909: Offer from the Holy Knights</h2>

「Ryaaaaaaah!」

「Grrrrrrrr!」

 Fran's shouts and Urushi's roars echoed through the battlefield.

 These were certainly valiant battlecries. But in reality, Fran and Urushi had been driven so far into a corner that they had no choice but to roar to inspire themselves.

 We finally began seeing the jet-black antidemons mixed into the horde. Their main force had finally reached us.

 The jet-black beast-types, which snuck up on us in between the swordsman-types and archer-types, were particularly a nuisance. They cloaked their presences, and appeared right behind us before we knew it.

 Each bite from them would cause heavy injuries and blood loss, even to the mana-cloaked Fran and Urushi.

 If we let even a handful of these beast-types into the city, they could easily slaughter everyone inside. Each was like a professional assassin, so stealthy that even we might miss them, with a speed to match.

 So we asked Urushi to prioritize taking down the beast-types, while we attracted the attention of all the other antidemons.

 Both Fran and Urushi were constantly bleeding due to the unending assault, but they managed to keep going because of Sophie.

 She continuously played her recovery songs, which allowed the two to stay in the fight.

 What had started out as a slow waltz eventually increased tempo to around the same pace as "Sabre Dance" from Earth.

 This song seemed to have the effect of quickly recovering both health and mana. It felt as if someone was channeling healing, life, and enhancement magic on us at the same time.

 With something this powerful, we should be able to hold out for quite a while. The only issue would be mental fatigue, but Fran and Urushi seemed very motivated after Sophie's entrance. They won't let the antidemons past them anytime soon.

 As Sophie's music played in the background, Fran continued hacking away at the antidemons.

 Ten minutes, thirty minutes, sixty minutes.

 Even without reinforcements, Fran and Urushi remained in the fight. The hopelessness of the situation was not enough to overcome their motivation.

 But as they say, the end always comes suddenly.

 *Screech*!

 With a violent screeching note, the music giving us strength was suddenly cut off. It sounded as if someone had just slammed a guitar against the ground.

 I hurried to check Sophie's condition, and found her crouching while clutching her right hand, which was bleeding profusely.

 That's when I realized it. I knew exactly what just happened.

 Playing such an intense song over an extended duration must take a tremendous toll on the performer. Moreover, this was no ordinary music, but a high level magic song.

 Both Sophie and her fingers must have been placed under terrible strain.

 She immediately took a vial from her hip and applied it on her hands. This seemed to stop the bleeding, but……

 *Poro, ro*……

 She was left unable to perform. All we could hear was a choppy tune without any magical effects.

 Even if she healed her physical injuries, the exhaustion must've taken a toll.

「Sophie! You don't need to push yourself!」

 Fran shouted, but Sophie shook her head and tried to play the harp once again. This time, a different figure appeared to stop her.

「Saintess-sama, you appear to be having difficulties.」

「You're……」

 After managing to pick up their conversation with my skills, I recognized the owner of that unpleasant voice.

 The knights from the Holy Nation of Silard strode casually atop the wall. These were the idiots who caused a commotion in the tower and got kicked out by Filuria.

 And right now, they stood closely behind Sophie.

 Those smirking expressions of theirs meant they were certainly not here to help.

「It seems you've been pushing yourself quite a bit. Did you require any aid?」

「……What do you want?」

 Sophie knew these guys were not making such a proposal out of the goodness of their hearts, which was why she responded warily.

「Kukuku. Isn't that obvious? You, of course. After this battle is over, we will bring you to our country. I am willing to lend you my assistance if you agree to this condition.」

「If I go to the Holy Nation……?」

「Exactly. I can contact my brigade and have them aid in the defense, and even provide you with any necessary supplies. How about it? Saving this city is as simple as taking my hand!」

 So he's taking advantage of the city's peril to demand Sophie's custody…… What a complete scumbag. How dare they call themselves holy knights.

 But Sophie remained silent. It seems the ~~holy~~ scum knight's words caused her to hesitate, even though it's crystal clear he wasn't going to keep any promises.

 That's when Sophie glanced over at Fran. The city must be important to her, but she was also concerned for Fran's safety.

 What if Fran continues to fight, and eventually gets swallowed up by the antidemon hordes? Could she save Fran just by nodding her head in front the holy knight?

 All of these doubts were clouding her mind.

（Master, what's happening to Sophie?）

『You noticed?』

（I can tell you're upset.）

『I see……』

 I explained the situation briefly while we continued fighting. Immediately after hearing that, Fran shouted.

「Sophie! I can keep going on my own! I'll be fine! You don't need to sacrifice yourself!」

 These words ended up triggering the rest. A few nearby adventurers began shouting as well.

「Miss Black Lightning Princess is right! You don't need to follow that son of a bitch!」

「Get away from the saintess, you asshole!」

「I don't know who the fuck you are, but everything coming out of your mouth is garbage!」

「This is our town! We'll protect it!」

「Yeah! You don't have to carry the whole burden!」

 The adventurers intervened between Sophie and the knight with a series of shouts. The knight glared back at them in disdain.

 Sophie looked at the adventurers with surprise. Then, her shoulders relaxed.

「……I will not go with you.」

「Hmph. So you're abandoning this city to save yourself?」

「No, I've simply resolved myself. We are the ones who will protect this city, with our own strength! Please leave, I don't want to hear another word from you.」

「Tch! You'll regret this!」

「Shut your damn mouths! You pigs are dirtying our city!」

「Yeah, dumbasses!」

 The holy knights ended up fleeing the scene, with the adventurers shouting at them all the while. I was worried they might resort to force, but it seems they weren't willing to go that far.

 After seeing the holy knights off, Sophie turned back to us. She reached for the choker around her neck, and undid its clasp.

「I absolutely won't let Fran die.」



