---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 125"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0125
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 125
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett (19)**

After practicing adult consideration(?) for her disciple, she fell asleep. By the time she woke up, it was already a refreshing morning.

The meat marinated in sauce was properly reheated by her disciple the next day. As a result, the still inexperienced master held her head and muttered, "I-It wasn't supposed to be like this..."

<br/>

**Isaac Walker (22)**

The sparkling prince who wants to borrow a cat's paw. Still unaware of who Anthony and his brothers are.

<br/>

**Nero**

The Black Dragon of Worgan who fancies himself as a cool spy. Offended by the reverse tail stroke, he ran away from home.

<br/>

**Louis Miller (29)**

A twenty-nine-year-old father who spent his precious vacation time crossdressing at night.

He attempted to stay in the background, as he would be easily exposed in bright places. Yet he got spotted by Einhard on day one when moving around during daytime.

In his youth, he hunted dragons for the dream of his own home, attaining the record for the second most solo dragon hunts in history.

<br/>

**Lionel Blem Edwalt Ridill (29)**

A gentle blond gorilla. The First Prince of Ridill.

Lionel and Louis were classmates during their time at Minerva. Although he studied magic at Minerva, he wasn't very good at it.

Weak in political maneuvering, but excellent as a warrior. His arms are strong enough to firmly restrain a raging delinquent.

<br/>

**Einhard Berger (26)**

The third son of House Morgenstein, one of the Empire's Four Great Houses. Blessed with good tact and social skills, he has been the target of his brothers' attempts on his life since childhood. Thinking that his brothers might leave him alone if he became a dropout delinquent, he started playing around at night. Surprisingly, that lifestyle fit him pretty well.

Because he is quick to get carried away, people usually treat him roughly. Lionel's kindness is the only thing he can rely on.

<br/>

**Cecilia Charlotte Phoebe Kreving (20)**

Half-sister of the Black Lion Emperor, who was rejected by the ancient artifact, "Mirror of Bern", despite inheriting the blood of the family which manages it. She has lived hiding this fact for years.

Her hobby is lace knitting. Silently moving her hands allows her heart to regain serenity.

<br/>

**Casper Hutter (32)**

A powerful mage ranked among the top thirty in the Empire. Known as the Dream Mage. His sister Mia is not related by blood. Because of the age difference, he cherished her like his own daughter.

<br/>

**Leonhart Alois Maximilian Berndt Kreving (30)**

The shrewd Black Lion Emperor. He assigned Monica, the scatterbrained genius girl of Ridill, to the security detail, and prevent the true identity of the scatterbrained genius Karina from being exposed.

Recently dealt with the fourth coup d'état this year.

"So what! When I first ascended the throne, coups happened at least three times a month!"

<br/>

**Karina Barr (19)**

One of the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans, Barr of the Divine Eye.

The scatterbrained genius girl on the Empire side. No need to mention who it is on the Ridill side.

Once she got arrested for making counterfeit works, the Emperor personally headed into downtown to recruit her.

<br/>

**Helmfried Kollwitz (40)**

One of the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans, Kollwitz of the Fairy Fingers.

A genius who weaves magical symbols into embroidery and lace. His works are considered wearable works of art.

Treats his creations like beloved daughters and insults any who mistreat them until their hearts break.

When he sees a lovely design or when a work is completed, he silently performs a mysterious dance.

Though his intellectually refined appearance is ruined by his actions, his base is still a middle-aged man who loves everything about embroidery and lace.

<br/>

**Melissa Roseberg (26)**

Former member of the Seven Sages. Fourth Thorn Witch.

The distinction between "Little One", "Moni-Moni", and "Monica-chan" is based on how she feels at the time.

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg (21)**

One of the Seven Sages, the Fifth Thorn Witch.

He diligently tended to flower beds while waiting in the palace. The envoys from the Empire still think he is a simple gardener.

"Hey, did you get lost? Let me guide you! Oh, and the palace toilets are amazing, so be sure to check them out!"

<br/>

**Ray Albright (23)**

One of the Seven Sages, the Third Abyss Shaman.

After the meeting of the young trio, he muttered, "...Huh, could it be that I was bragging about my fiancé today? Does that count as bragging? It does, right? Bragging, bragging... Hehe," all while blushing.

<br/>

**Frieda Blanquet (20)**

Ray's fiancé. Recently learned that the accounts for House Albright were temporarily handled by the Silent Witch. Now she wants to ask for some tips.

"These are some truly wonderful account books."

<br/>

**Anthony Winkel (28)**

The eldest of the Winkel brothers. The reliable big brother to everyone.

Due to various post-processing matters, he plans to stay in Sazandol for a while.

His squad is often given the role of breaking through the enemy's front lines. Though they suffered numerous casualties back in the day, they proudly boast zero casualties since Anthony became leader.

He is highly admired by his subordinates, but looked down upon by the upper echelons. That is the main reason why he cannot return home immediately.

However, he doesn't mind at all and enjoys the time spent with his younger brothers.

<br/>

**Michel Winkel (25)**

The second of the Winkel brothers. Charismatic but caring older brother. Has a tendency to care for his younger siblings while still respecting the older one.

He is aware that his older brother is looked down upon by the upper echelons and is secretly making various moves to support him.

<br/>

**Teodor Winkel (20)**

The fourth of the Winkel brothers. A laid-back and easygoing man.

Until just before attending the drinking party, he was performing a nasty interrogation with his whip.

<br/>

**Clifford Anderson (23)**

The day after the drinking party, he complained to Lana that, "Walker is a skinny gorilla," and was scolded for the offensive insult. Why? Who knows.

---

Q: I want to know the origin of the characters' names.

A: The names of the characters are mostly chosen somewhat haphazardly, but some are selected based on their meanings.

Isaac, Cyril, and Louis are major examples of this.

Cyril's name was given by his late father. Due to the noble origins, it made his life as a commoner more difficult.

Louis has a name that is also suitable for a woman, but it has origins full of fighting spirit, which I think is excellent.

<br/>

Q: Could Anderson from "The Amnesiac Military Doctor" be...?

A: He is Clifford's relative. The Anderson family has many users of ice magic, as well as relatives in the Mage Association and research institutes. They are a well-connected family in the world of magic. That is another reason Isaac wants to connect with Clifford.

Completely unrelated, but Clifford has a lot of relatives, so every time he attends a family gathering, he is bombarded by the little ones asking for gifts. "Uncle Clifford, can I have some money?" "No."

<br/>

Q: I would like to see the episode of Cyril-sama and the fluff-fluff.

A: In side stories, Cyril always tends to be the most inconspicuous. The serious-minded Cyril is usually either studying or working.

<br/>

Q: What about the other guy with a feminine face? Does he crossdress too?

A: Monica is crying, "Cyril-sama is a man!"

<br/>

Q: What will happen to Ike? I can't sleep at night because of the anxiety.

A: Believe in the mental resilience of the man who ate heartily when he was about to be executed. Since cold days will continue, please stay warm and sleep tight.



