---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 87"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0087
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden6
chapter: 87
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 6: Yearning for White Snow"
---
<h2>[V6C10] You Gave Me Courage</h2>

Melissa kicked up a flurry of snow as she raced up the mountain path.

"So that amnesiac turned out to be the white dragon?"

While she had read in books that greater dragons sometimes transformed into humans or animals, Melissa never expected to witness it firsthand.

Greater dragons and greater spirits were not common encounters.

"Hey, sis. That Thule, the white dragon... He seemed really weakened, right?"

"Yeah, from what I could tell, he barely had any mana."

In comparison to areas with human population, Mount Kalug had an overwhelmingly dense concentration of mana.

Dense mana was poisonous to those with low magic resistance, but at the same time, it provided an ideal living environment for creatures that fed on magic. Just by being on the mountain, they could naturally absorb and replenish their mana.

This was how the battered Veronica managed to survive Raul's roses absorbing her mana. She healed herself by taking in the mountain's mana.

However, Thule didn't seem to be recovering at all.

"Could it be that the white dragon... has lost the ability to absorb mana?"

Hearing the mutter from Melissa, a flashbulb went off inside Raul's head.

"That explains everything...!"

"What do you mean?"

"Cyril has mana hyperabsorption! His mana absorption rate is much faster than any normal human!"

Thule could no longer absorb mana. Meanwhile, Cyril had a constitution that easily absorbed mana.

These two facts combined to form a hypothesis in Melissa's mind. She had reached the same conclusion as Raul.

(That damn spirit... No way...!)

At that moment, a scream pierced through the sound of the wind. Monica's scream.

The snowlights illuminated a stone temple ahead of the two——or more precisely, the remnants of what was once a temple. The already shabby temple had lost its roof and a large portion of its walls.

And in front of that temple stood a massive figure with white wings spread wide——the white dragon.

The dragon had spread his wings, seemingly about to take flight. However, the surrounding area was covered in blades of wind and ice, pinning the dragon to the ground.

The wind blades were the work of Monica, while Veronica controlled the ice blades.

"Give him back! Give Cyril-sama back!"

Monica invoked an additional barrage of wind blades as she screamed. The power of her spells was immense, as Monica had poured in a significant amount of mana.

——Yet, her precision was lacking.

Melissa had seen Monica's chantless magic in Sazandol. Her spells were terrifyingly intricate, efficient, and refined.

But compared to before, the wind she invoked now was nothing more than a child's tantrum. While powerful, her magic lacked accuracy and had glaring inefficiencies. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before she depleted herself of mana.

"Little One!"

Melissa rushed over to Monica, finding the girl looking back with a face soaked in tears.

"Onee-san, Raul-sama... Cyril-sama, he's... he's been eaten... ugh... waaah!"

Upon hearing Monica's choked words, Melissa became convinced that her hypothesis was correct.

Veronica stood guard at the feet of the white dragon, pointing her ice blades at the three. Melissa glared right back at her.

"——You damn spirit! Your goal was to assimilate Cyril-sama into the white dragon!"

"Yes."

Veronica simply nodded in response to Melissa's angry shout, showing no sign of emotion. There was not a trace of guilt or remorse in her expression.

"Greater dragons cannot survive without mana. But Thule... he suffered injuries after getting attacked by humans for his scales. As a result, he lost the ability to absorb mana."

Veronica explained this in a calm tone, but a quiet hatred seeped out through her voice. Her wrath was directed at the humans who had harmed Thule.

In all likelihood, those humans were already dead.

Nevertheless, Veronica's disgust for humans had not disappeared. That's why she could trample on them without hesitation.

"Thule can assimilate the information of what he swallows. Their appearance and constitution as well..."

Cutting off her words there, Veronica directed her faint violet eyes towards the sobbing Monica.

"Is that human precious to you? Don't worry, Thule can turn himself into what he assimilates. He will take on the appearance of that human."

At that remark, Monica stiffened with tears still in her eyes, and the Roseberg siblings became absolutely furious.

Melissa was the type of woman whose smiles got more ferocious the angrier she was.

Hence, with veins throbbing on her temple, Melissa lifted her bright red lips and smiled wickedly.

"Oh, so dragons turning into humans works that way? I've learned something... So, did you think we'd be satisfied if you just replicated his appearance? ...You really know how to hit a nerve, damn spirit."

In contrast to his sister, Raul turned more expressionless the angrier he became.

The lively expression that usually adorned his face vanished, and the beautiful face inherited from the First Thorn Witch pierced on Veronica with a freezing glare.

"That joke isn't funny at all."

Raul took a rose seed from his pocket and threw it on the ground. The tiny seed fell on the snow and began germinating instantly, extending thin vines.

Their growth rate was poor in cold climates, but due to being infused with Raul's immense mana, those slender vines rapidly grew into a size large enough to entangle the white dragon's body.

Bound by the vines, the dragon could no longer take off into the sky.

"Give back my friend."

"Never."

Veronica sent her ice blades to sever the rose vines. Meanwhile, Raul promptly poured in additional mana, extending all of the vines that had been cut.

As the ice spirit and the two Thorn Witches glared at each other, the Silent Witch was...

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

(Cyril-sama... will be assimilated?)

Monica looked up at the white dragon with vacant eyes.

According to the spirit, the dragon could be saved by assimilated Cyril. In doing so, he would also take on Cyril's appearance.

(...But that's not Cyril-sama anymore.)

The Cyril that Monica knew was strict with both himself and others, loved "His Highness", and always worked hard to meet the expectations of Marquis Highown...

(He gave me chocolate. He gave me the charm to make me stronger.)

Cyril praised Monica for working hard on negotiations, something she wasn't good at.

The overly timid Monica couldn't do the things that most would take for granted. Only by pushing herself could she finally achieve just an average level, or perhaps even lower.

To other people, Monica's efforts probably seemed insignificant and pathetic.

Nevertheless, Cyril would say, "You did well." He watched over Monica's struggles and appreciated her efforts.

...And that made Monica much, much happier than being praised for her magical talent.

(So, that's why I love Cyril-sama.)

After roughly wiping away her tears, Monica raised her face and glared at the white dragon.

Greater dragons were said to possess intelligence equal to or greater than humans. However, the dragon in front of her did not seem to have any sanity.

The mana deficiency had likely reduced him into a confused mess. Resolving this through negotiation was hopeless.

Moreover, the dragon had already swallowed Cyril. Time was of the essence.

Raul was buying time, pinning the dragon down with his roses. This was the last chance.

"Melissa-oneesan, do you still have mana left?"

In response to Monica's question, Melissa curled her lips in frustration.

"Unfortunately, manipulating a few rose vines is about all I can manage right now."

"That's enough."

Monica picked up an exceptionally long rose vine from the ones lying at her feet, handing it to Melissa.

"I want you to extend this as much as possible."

"What is that going to do?"

"I'll use it as a lifeline."

Monica removed her white coat and wrapped the rose vine tightly around her right arm. Then, she firmly grasped the end of it.

Sharp thorns pierced through her clothes and gloves, causing blood to seep through, but Monica didn't care. Right now, this was the sturdiest lifeline available.

Monica covered her entangled right arm with her removed coat, securing it with the coat's laces. By wrapping the thick coat multiple times, she could prevent the thorns from harming Cyril once she reached him.

Watching as the color of blood seeped into the white coat, Melissa widened her eyes in shock.

"Little One!? What are you doing...!?"

"When I signal from inside, pull with all your strength, please."

Monica began focusing her consciousness, chantlessly casting a spell to manipulate the wind. This was flight magic.

Due to her poor sense of balance, Monica lacked the ability to fly freely through the air... but she could make high jumps.

"Wait, Moni-Moni! You're being way too reckless...!"

"I'll be fine..."

The winds swirled around Monica, gently swaying her light brown hair.

She put her hands on her own face that was twisted in despair, and adjusted it. Even if it would do little to ease Melissa's worries, Monica forced the corners of her mouth up before turning to Melissa.

"...Because this isn't my first time."

Monica kicked off the ground with her boots. Her small body flew into the air, before diving down into the white dragon's maw.

Compared to the time Monica entered the mouth of a black dragon, she fell much further, straight into the belly of the beast.



