---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 135"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0135
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden8
chapter: 135
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 8: Proof of Knowledge"
---
<h2>[V8C7] The Impressive One is Not the Carrot but the Producer</h2>

In summary, Cyril and Monica explained the story like this:

During Isaac's absence, Monica assisted the previous Thorn Witch, Melissa Roseberg, with her work and ended up visiting an underground salon dealing in illegal substances.

Cyril stumbled upon the scene with the Fifth Thorn Witch, Raul Roseberg, and they entered the salon as well.

However, in the midst of the commotion, Cyril caught the attention of the ice spirit, Ashelpikeh, and was kidnapped to Mount Kalug, where he was forced into a contract.

Ashelpikeh intended to sacrifice Cyril to extend the life of the white dragon Thule, but Monica managed to rescue Cyril with the help of the Roseberg siblings. Then, Cyril entered into a contract with Thule to save the dragon's life.

...And after listening thus far, Isaac casually interjected with a smile.

"Sounds like a novel by Dustin Gunther."

Cyril and Monica let out a stifled groan and shrank back in unison.

Meanwhile, Claudia directed the two a vacant smile. She tended to make this kind of face when she was about to lift someone up, before sending them crashing down.

"What a lovely story. Perhaps you want to become a hero like Bartholomew Alexander? ...You know, the heroes from most stories would probably be put on a watch list in real life."

"Wha-!? M-Me on a watch list!?"

Cyril was so surprised that his voice cracked, but Claudia retorted with complete seriousness.

"Contracting with a greater spirit is good and all, but a dragon...? Don't complain if people suspect you of trying to take over a country."

Her words were sharp but accurate. Honestly, Isaac shared a similar opinion.

Dragons were a significant military asset. If word got out that Marquis Highown possessed one, it could easily raise suspicions of rebellion. Even if Cyril had no such intentions, there were plenty in the palace who would cast baseless suspicions or try to exploit his power.

That was why Monica kept Nero's existence a secret in the first place.

(Maybe it's for the best that Nero ran away from home.)

If Nero were here right now, the situation would have undoubtedly grown more complicated.

After letting a secret sigh of relief, Isaac glanced briefly at Cyril.

Getting called a dangerous individual seemed to have great effect; Cyril was bowing his head with the blood drained from his face. Without showing any mercy, Claudia continued her argument.

"You are currently a threat to the country... An unpredictable one who could overthrow the royal family at any moment."

Cyril opened his mouth in an attempt to retort, but ultimately fell silent.

Meanwhile, the white weasel hopped onto Cyril's shoulder. Thule, the White Dragon of Kalug, looked up at Claudia with his golden eyes.

"Cyril would never do that."

"...It's not about whether he will or won't. It's about how the people around him perceive it."

"Then keep it a secret, okay?"

Thule tilted his small head as he made the request. After staring at the weasel's charming gesture with emotionless eyes for a few seconds, Claudia finally responded.

"...I never intended to tell anyone from the start. I'm just amazed by a certain someone's thoughtlessness."

Just as Isaac was thinking it was about time to offer a lifeline, Monica let out a desperate defense.

"W-Wait... Cyril-sama isn't at fault; he just got caught up in everything!"

Despite Monica's desperate attempt to plead Cyril's innocence, Cyril simply shook his head.

"Everything Claudia said is accurate."

"But Cyril-sama, you didn't do anything wrong!"

"No..."

Cyril gritted his teeth, furrowed his brows, and muttered bitterly with a face full of regret from the bottom of his heart.

"If only I had believed in the carrot..."

Little did Cyril know, Isaac and Claudia were giving him another set of cold glares. This was clearly the "what is this guy even talking about?" face, but Cyril and Monica remained completely oblivious. In fact, Monica was even nodding in agreement.

"Those carrots really were amazing... We couldn't have saved you without them... To think a carrot could be capable of that much..."

"Ugh, if only I had believed in the carrot sooner! Everything would have turned out differently...!"

Isaac reflected on the explanation given by Cyril and Monica. There had not been a single mention of carrots earlier, so why now?

If this had been anyone other than Cyril and Monica, Isaac would suspect them of fooling around in an effort to sweep things under the rug. However, the two continued passionately extolling the virtues of carrots with complete seriousness.

The disparity between the two observers and the two carrot worshipers only grew wider as time went on.

Eventually, Isaac found himself whispering to Claudia.

"It seems your brother is in quite the predicament."

"...He's your right hand man too, and have you considered your master?"

Claudia lazily brushed back her hair and murmured in a tone that suggested she couldn't be bothered to care any further.

"Most likely, some part-time farmer claiming to be one of the Seven Sages stirred up trouble with carrot divination or something like that... I think I'm starting to understand what happened. Also, the reason the Key of Knowledge got so offended."

Indeed, amidst the overpowering presence of the white dragon and greater spirit, it was easy to forget, but the main topic at hand was the Key of Knowledge.

As Cyril continued wallowing in the regret of his inability to believe in carrots, Isaac interjected.

"I believe it is about time we enter the main topic. Cyril, why did you come to Sazandol?"

Prompted by Isaac, Cyril straightened his posture.

"Right, you see, I started getting involved in officer duties at the Ascard Library this year. As part of that, I was to receive instruction on handling the Key of Knowledge."

"Sophocles, the Key of Knowledge... That is the ancient artifact used to seal the Forbidden Archives, yes?"

"Exactly. The Key of Knowledge has been passed down House Highown for generations, allowing us to manage the Forbidden Archives."

Some ancient artifacts require lifelong contracts that prevent anyone else from using them until the contract holder dies. Others allow different people to contract them for each use. The Key of Knowledge was the latter.

"I borrowed the Key of Knowledge from my stepfather so I could learn how to handle it, and..."

Cyril glanced down at his cloth-wrapped right hand with a gloomy expression, before recalling the events of that time.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

The Key of Knowledge Sophocles took the form of a glossy, jet-black ring to be worn on the finger. The thickness of the ring portion gave the impression of a masculine design, which might look slightly off if worn by a woman.

In contrast to the pure, undiluted blackness of the ring, it was fitted with a gemstone of black opal, shining iridescently with the play of light.

"So this is the Key of Knowledge..."

Upon opening the case he received from his father, Cyril found himself deeply moved.

This ring was the guardian of the Ascard Library's forbidden knowledge, making it the keeper of ancient wisdom.

The Key of Knowledge possessed two powers: First, the ability to create a powerful sealing barrier over a designated area. Second, the ability to grasp the contents of all books within said barrier.

In other words, the Key of Knowledge served as a catalog for all the knowledge sleeping in the Forbidden Archives.

(Which is why I must show the utmost respect.)

Ancient artifacts were tools that possessed a will of their own, so the ring before him was equivalent to a pioneer of bookkeeping who has been protecting all sorts of wisdom for generations.

With great care, Cyril took the Key of Knowledge out of its case and, just like his stepfather, placed it on the middle finger of his right hand. The black opal reacted to Cyril's mana and began sparkling with a rainbow sheen.

Cyril reflexively straightened his back, before lifting his right hand to the level of his face and addressing the ring.

"Key of Knowledge Sophocles, I am honored to be in the presence of an esteemed scholar such as yourself. My name is Cyril Ashley, son of Vicent Ashley, and I..."

"*...Fool.*"

Cyril's introduction was interrupted by a low voice emanating from the ring.

This was the first time Cyril had heard the voice of Sophocles, so he strained his ears to catch every last word.

"*You fool! Why should I lend my powers to the likes of you!*"

From the ring came a mature-sounding, male voice shouting an insult with an unbecoming childishness.

"*You aren't even worth consideration! Bring me Claudia! She is obviously most fit to be my master! I can already see it, me, nestled on her slender fingers... Yes, yes, how very pleasing. Only a lady of the utmost beauty is fit to wear me.*"

Cyril could only quiver his lips in silence as his eyes darted between the ring and his stepfather.

Meanwhile, his stepfather, who had been silently watching the entire exchange, stroked his mustache while speaking in the same calm tone as usual.

"Sophocles."

"*Argh! You stay quiet, Vicent! I have already made up my mind. My next master will be Claudia.*"

"Claudia has already married into the Maywood family."

"*Then have her divorce and take on another husband! This son-in-law of yours can inherit the title, and Claudia will inherit me. There, everything is solved!*"

Cyril turned pale and, with a look of desperation, asked the ring.

"D-Did I do something to offend you?"

"*...*"

The Key of Knowledge was just a ring. However, Cyril felt as though something in the sparkling black opal was staring back at him with a hostile gaze.

"*You don't even hold a candle to Claudia! If you plan to call yourself the next Marquis Highown, you should be able to easily recite all the old library laws, right? Well?*"

"T-The old library laws...?"

At the sudden question, Cyril panicked. Since he was involved in officer duties at the Ascard Library, he had memorized all the current laws regarding the library.

However, when it came to the old library laws abolished over seventy years ago, Cyril had only glanced through them once. His memory of them could hardly be called perfect.

"*What? So you admit that it is beyond your capabilities? Claudia would have been able to recite them from memory. Did you really think you could serve as my master like this? How laughable! Wahaha!*"

This was something Claudia could do, but Cyril could not. Whenever he heard people saying such things, Cyril felt as if he was being stabbed in the chest. He unconsciously grew anxious and his brain stopped under the panic.

No matter how much effort he put in, no matter how confidently he behaved, Cyril always found himself falling short when compared to Claudia.

"*Moreover, I see you already have a contract with another.*"

"Y-Yes, I have contracts with a greater spirit and a white dragon..."

"*Those with existing contracts cannot contract with an ancient artifact! You had better cancel those contracts, then come crying to me with an apology! Until then, I have nothing more to say to someone so pathetic!*"

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Claudia smiled with an expression that lacked any semblance of joy.

"...So you humbled yourself in front of the artifact, only to get all hot-headed and shout once you were in front of 'Your Highness.' You really are something else, Onii-sama."

Remembering how he had shouted at the artifact a few minutes ago for interrupting Isaac, Cyril coughed uncomfortably.

Meanwhile, Isaac put on a wry smile and urged Cyril to continue the story.

"So why did you end up coming to Sazandol after that?"

"Right, I searched through past records to see if there were any cases of someone contracting with an ancient artifact, a greater spirit, and a dragon simultaneously, but I couldn't find anything..."

Obviously. After all, a simultaneous contract with a greater spirit and a dragon was already unprecedented.

The aforementioned white dragon interjected while swaying his soft tail against Cyril's shoulder.

"You didn't think to cancel your contracts with me and Pikeh?"

"Because I've already declared that I would take responsibility for you two. I am not the kind of man who will go back on his word so easily."

Cyril explained with a proud huff, to which Isaac put on another wry smile.

(...Seems like he still has the troublesome habit of sticking to those he's taking a liking to.)

Not to mention his stubbornness. Cyril always refused to relent once he's decided on something. That part of him had never changed.

Though slightly tickled by the tail caressing his cheek, Cyril composed himself and continued his explanation.

"Next, I suspected that the reason I couldn't make a threefold contract might be due to the structure of the contract formula, so I investigated that aspect, but still found nothing useful. Thus, I decided to visit Sazandol to ask Monica about the contract formula with Thule, since she was the one who created it."

As Isaac was contracted with a greater spirit, he understood the complexity of contract formulas. How might one layer the contract with a dragon on top of that? Honestly, he couldn't even begin to imagine what kind of formula would be required.

In all likelihood, only the Seven Sages possessed the ability to develop such ridiculously advanced magical formulas. It would hardly be fair to mock Cyril's lack of knowledge in this area.

(Or perhaps...?)

Isaac glanced briefly at Cyril's right hand.

Earlier, Claudia had muttered something about understanding the reason why the Key of Knowledge was upset. Isaac's speculation may not be too far off from the mark.

However, Cyril, being unaware of the reason, spoke earnestly.

"I've explained the reasoning behind my visit to Monica. So... why is Claudia here?"

Cyril turned to Claudia, who was leaning wearily against the backrest of her chair.

"...My letter," Claudia muttered.

"What?"

"...You haven't read my letter, I see."

Slowly and gradually, Claudia lifted her upper body off of the backrest.

"...Onii-sama, are you aware of this fact? Ancient artifacts can sometimes take control of contractors with low magic resistance."

"I have heard of cases like that in the past, yes..."

"...Father contacted me saying that you upset the Key of Knowledge. Immediately, I considered the possibility that it might take over your body and barge into the Maywood residence."

Indeed, there were many legends involving ancient artifacts taking over the bodies of and manipulating their contractors. Having received a royal education, Isaac knew this well.

For example, there was once an artifact known as the Demon Blade, which took over its owner and went on a killing spree. The story is still famous, even in the present day.

Considering the danger posed by the Key of Knowledge taking over Cyril's body and breaking into her home, Claudia decided to take extra precautions by evacuating to a safe location. That said, the Key of Knowledge already knew the locations of the Ashley family's properties and relatives.

"Thus, I wrote this in my letter to you: '*I'll be staying with Monica for a while. Contact me when everything is settled.*'"

Mentioning 'Sazandol' or the 'Silent Witch' might allow the Key of Knowledge to determine her whereabouts. That was why Claudia only said that she would be staying with Monica. This way, Claudia could secretly inform Cyril of her location.

In response, Cyril furrowed his brow skeptically.

"But I haven't seen any letter... Ah."

Having come to a realization, Cyril fell silent and his cheeks began to twitch.

Meanwhile, the white and gold weasels jumped onto the table and looked up at Cyril.

"There was one."

"There was."

"The day before the day we went out, right?"

"Yes. Thule handed a letter to Cyril, saying, '*You've got mail*,' and Cyril replied, '*I'm busy right now, I'll deal with it later*.'"

"Cyril, you were so busy mumbling that law stuff that you forgot about it."

Claudia turned back to Cyril, who was already pale in the face, sweating profusely, and letting his eyes wander.

She tilted to her head lazily to the side, as if she couldn't be bothered to prop it up, yet her smile looked as elegant as ever.

"...It seems I was the stupid one then. I forgot to consider how much my dear brother relies on Monica."

"No, that's... I-I'm very sorry..."

"...You wanted to meet Monica so badly that you couldn't spare any time for your little sister's letter."

At those words from Claudia, Cyril fumbled out a "W-Wha—", as Monica emitted a surprised "Huh!?" and Isaac froze with a smile.

Having succeeded in rending the hearts of everyone else in the room with a single sentence, the beautiful lady casually took a sip of her fruit water.



