---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 63"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0063
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden5
chapter: 63
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 5: Two Witches in Love and Much Ado About Nothing"
---
<h2>[V5C5] Thoughts Concealed in Pockets</h2>

After watching Isaac and Nero depart, Monica found her gaze lingering on the closed door for a moment. Eventually, she took a seat, idly swinging her legs without any particular purpose.

She had just finished a report and sent it to Minerva, and her joint research awaited data from Raul. Monica found herself with some free time, which was an unusual occurrence.

Her house felt eerily quiet without Isaac and Nero.

(Lana mentioned she'd be making a detour on her business trip, so she won't return to Sazandol for a while…)

Monica stopped swinging her legs and absentmindedly slumped onto the desk. The cool sensation of the desk against her cheek was soothing.

Tomorrow was Ashelpikeh's Festival.

Monica had little interest in the tradition of giving candy to loved ones, but this year, she had secretly considered giving candy to Lana and Isaac since they were around. Yet now they were gone.

If only she had bought the candy ahead of time. Then, she could have given it to Isaac and Nero a day before the festival.

With her cheek pressed against the desk, Monica let out a sigh.

Feeling lonely was a sensation she hadn't experienced in a long time.

Usually, when her mood was down, Monica would immerse herself in mathematics and magical formulas. However, since the weather was good today, she considered going out for a bit.

(I know, I'll practice going out alone…)

Returning the novel she had borrowed from the library, peeking at a few stalls, and maybe eating a fried pie on the way back——those were her plans.

She wasn't going out for work, nor for groceries to refill her food supply. Just "strolling around" was a little adventure for the homebody Monica.

(If I find a nice shop... Maybe I'll tell Lana about it.)

Since Lana always told her about wonderful things, Monica wanted to share her own "favorites" with Lana occasionally.

(Today, I'll go look for my favorites.)

With a determined "Here I go," Monica stood up from the chair, changed into an outdoor-appropriate blouse and skirt, and neatly redid her hair. Finally, she put on a vest and a jacket, standing before the mirror.

The vest was a recent purchase, with embroidered designs along the edges. Even such small fashion choices were a modest adventure for Monica.

"...Okay, let's do this."

After a single nod, Monica opened the front door.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Thirty minutes out into the city, Monica was already on the verge of giving up.

Perhaps due to the upcoming Ashelpikeh's Festival, the streets was busier than usual today.

Due to the candy stalls and wagons scattered everywhere, the usual salty scent of the harbor town was overwritten with a sweet fragrance.

Wandering through the crowded streets would be very difficult.

(M-Maybe I should just relax at the library today…)

Already contemplating a change of plans, Monica bumped into a stranger and stumbled.

"Kyah!"

"Oops."

Monica was on the verge of face-planting into the cobblestones, before she was caught by a sturdy and muscular arm.

"Are you okay, madam?"

"Ah... uh, um..."

When Monica raised her head, she widened her eyes at the person who had caught her.

She had been saved by a tall man with short black hair, Anthony. Beside him was his younger brother, Teodor.

"Well, I must say, my timing was impeccable! See that, Teodor? This is how you prove your manliness!"

"But you've been aiming for the right moment to talk for quite a while now."

"The ability to gauge that timing is a crucial skill for displaying one's manliness! Speaking to a lady at the most dramatic moment is what elevates a man!"

Anthony, with his loud voice and imposing presence, was the type of person Monica found most challenging to deal with. Nevertheless, he had come to her aid. Monica bowed her head in gratitude.

"T-Thank you very much!"

"No problem, it's good that you're unharmed. By the way, is Miss Lana with you today?"

"Lana will be away for a while."

Upon learning that Lana wasn't around, Anthony displayed visible disappointment. However, he quickly regained composure and said, "I see," while searching his pocket.

"Miss Monica, I want to give you this."

"...?"

"It's a day early for Ashelpikeh's Festival, but never mind that. Here, some ice that won't melt."

Saying so, Anthony placed a wrapped candy in Monica's palm.

After glancing between the candy and Anthony, Monica hurriedly expressed her thanks.

"Um, thank you very much."

"Hahaha, remember to write your name on the glasswork you give in return."

"...? Glasswork? Name?"

Ashelpikeh's Festival involved people exchanging candies with loved ones. So why did Anthony mention something about "glasswork"?

Noticing Monica's puzzled expression, Teodor calmly interjected.

"In our home country of Randall, we sometimes give glasswork to our loved ones, in addition to candies."

Apparently, the glass artisan guild of Randall once suggested, "If you want 'Unmelting Ice,' why not try glasswork alongside candies? They look pretty similar," and introduced glasswork to Ashelpikeh's Festival.

Over time, this evolved into a tradition of exchanging glasswork as gifts.

"Well, it basically started as the guild's commercial strategy, so it's pretty unrelated to the legend. Seems to have caught on in our country though."

"I-I see..."

Teodor's straightforward explanation might have lacked elegance, but considering Randall's abundance of craftsmen, the story sounded reasonable.

According to him, Randall had just as many glasswork stalls lined up as candy stalls.

"Um, so what did you mean about writing a name...?"

"The glasswork is generally a small, coin-sized trinket. Instead of directly giving them, you secretly tuck them into the pocket of your crush."

"...Secretly?"

Why go through such elaborate measures?

As Monica tilted her head in confusion, Anthony theatrically began his explanation.

"On the day of Ashelpikeh's Festival, a glasswork is secretly placed in your pocket... Ah, who could it be that harbors feelings for me? Maybe that madam from earlier, no, the young lady I just passed by... The suspense is killing me...! But I definitely want to respond to those feelings. So, if possible, I'd like you to sign it!"

"Brother, I'm pretty sure you've never received one before."

"Surely, that's because the pockets were hard to find on the clothes I used to wear! I won't make the same mistake again! I've prepared a coat with noticeable pockets!"

As he said this, Anthony emphatically tapped his pockets, making sure Monica could see.

It seemed he completely forgot that in Ridill, there was no custom of giving glasswork to your loved ones.

"Uh, um... well..."

Now that she knew about the traditions in Randall, Monica looked even more troubled.

The existence of this custom made it a bit awkward to accept the candy so casually. Perhaps it would be better to return it? As Monica hesitated, Teodor whispered to her in a low voice, unnoticed by his brother.

"My brother has been giving candies to everyone he meets today. You're the fourteenth... see?"

Teodor gestured with his eyes to where Anthony was handing a candy to a girl selling flowers. Apparently, she was the fifteenth.

"So don't worry about it. Oh, I'll give you one too. Here."

Teodor handed Monica a lollipop. Unlike the normal spherical candies, the lollipop was molded into a flat dog shape.

"It's a puppy. Hehe, cute, right?"

"...Um, thank you very much."

"You're welcome. By the way, are you going somewhere today?"

"I was, erm, thinking of casually strolling around the area..."

Monica answered while fidgeting with her fingers. Meanwhile, the always smiling Teodor opened his eyes slightly wider. For a split second, his gaze became sharper, resembling his brother's.

"Once you're done with your business, you should probably go home early. Especially after sunset. Make sure to stay home and lock up securely."

Although his tone remained gentle, he gave the advice with a forceful undertone.

Monica appeared confused, so Teodor gently continued with a smile.

"Tonight is sure to be a noisy one."



