---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 214"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0214
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden10
chapter: 214
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 10: Dragon Slayer Mage"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett**

The Silent Witch, one of the Seven Sages.

She dropped out of Serendia Academy after a hectic first year, losing her chance to act as a senior. Now she guides her recently made junior with great enthusiasm.

Understands the spirit language, but the correct usage of 'Aight' escapes her.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker**

A prince who was gathering information in his struggle against the fate of loss. Nero saw him sneaking around and thought he was up to no good, but he was just preparing emergency rations for his master.

Prefers to use citrus peels to rub off tea stains. There is an insignificant side story about how he expended the citrus peels when making carrot cake, thus turning to salt as the next best stain remover.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley**

Heir to House Highown. Lately, he frequents the royal capital due to his involvement with the Library Society. Unaware that he's secretly being eyed by matchmaking madams and those seeking young lovers.

He genuinely believes that "Ryn of the Swift Wind" is a splendid woman who is risking her life for the country.

<br/>

#### Other Sages (in order of recent appointment)

**Silas Page**

New Sage, the Dragon Slayer Mage. Is twenty-five, but he looks thirtyish.

Prefers older women who are skilled at baking pies and taking care of the household. Bonus points if they look good in an apron and have ample bust.

He secretly hopes that the Silent Witch's disciple matches that description.

<br/>

**Louis Miller**

One of the Seven Sages, the Barrier Mage.

A mage specializing in barrier magic (used for punching, kicking, and crushing). He honed his barrier skills by practicing until he could protect himself against Professor Rutherford's smoke attacks.

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg**

One of the Seven Sages, the Thorn Witch.

His sixth sense is generally very accurate when it comes to carrot divination and detecting mana. However, this ends up not mattering much since he sucks at making good use of it.

<br/>

**Ray Albright**

One of the Seven Sages, the Abyss Shaman. Currently in a daze.

<br/>

**Bradford Firestone**

One of the Seven Sages, the Artillery Mage.

His disciple Hugo, being cheerful and prone to mishaps, makes every day enjoyable. Hugo Galletti-kun (Intermediate Mage, 22 years old) is unaware of this.

<br/>

**Mary Harvey**

One of the Seven Sages, the Starseer Witch.

She has already made various arrangements to take care of things in her absence. "*The rest is up to you, ××××××-chan*."

<br/>

#### Former Sages (in order of age)

**Melissa Roseberg**

Former Sage, the Fourth Thorn Witch.

Thought she had found a good catch, but suffered a crippling defeat and is now stamping her feet in rage.

"That guy is definitely a villain. My instincts are telling me, so it must be true."

<br/>

**Carla Maxwell**

Former Sage, the Starspear Witch.

A prodigy capable of casting seven spells at once. Currently missing.

<br/>

**Bertrand Verde**

Former Sage, the Aquamancy Mage.

Louis's father-in-law and Leonora-chan's grandpa. Loves his granddaughter very much. She is the cutest girl on the planet.

<br/>

**Adeline Albright**

Former Sage, the Second Abyss Shaman.

Ray's grandmother and a supernatural old woman. It seems she was a bewitching beauty in her youth.

<br/>

**Graham Sanders**

Former Sage, the Thunder Mage.

Boasts the highest solo dragon subjugation count in history, and sent shivers down the spines of Imperial soldiers. Known as the strongest man in Ridill, with several statues erected throughout the country. Retired from the Seven Sages due to back pains.

<br/>

#### Other Characters

**Rynzbelfied (Ryn)**

Louis's contracted spirit. Regarding the codename she gave to Cyril, she says, "Swift Wind sounds a bit too straightforward for a wind spirit, I should have come up with a better alias."

Currently accepting suggestions for a more stylish codename.

<br/>

**Gideon Rutherford**

Professor at Minerva. Known as the Smoke Mage.

The master of Louis and Carla, and helped Monica a lot. A powerful old man with wild eyebrows and a pipe as his trademarks.

Louis kept saying, "I'll pluck those eyebrows before graduation," but he never succeeded.

<br/>

**Hugo Galletti**

Bradford's disciple. A 22-year-old from the maritime nation Alpatra. Cheerful.

The Starseer Witch once commented, "So that's the star you were born under, huh~." 

Hugo is practically as unlucky as Isaac (who has a fate of loss) in this story. Still, he's not a particularly important character, so you don't need to remember his many hardships.

<br/>

**Curtis Ashley**

Cyril's cousin. Regrettably handsome, and often described as "what if Claudia were a carefree and lively young man."

He dislikes trouble, but enjoys taking care of younger siblings like his blood-related brother and Cyril.

<br/>

**Frieda Blanquet**

Ray's fiancé. Her grandfather was granted the title of Sword Saint and known as War Wolf of Valmbelk. Apparently, she left Raul in the dust by running up the stairs faster than a wild goat.

<br/>

**Red Dragon of Dalsmore**

Also known as Auntie Tanuki. The oldest dragon among those that have appeared so far.

In her tanuki form, she hides various things in her fluffy belly. Her specialty is finding acorns without wormholes.

<br/>

**Dunning**

Commander of the Dragon Knight's 7th Investigation Division. Supports the radical faction favoring immediate dragon subjugation.

Eight years ago, he had a disagreement with magical creature biologist Theodore Maxwell.

<br/>

**Robson**

Member of the Dragon Knight's 7th Investigation Division. Prefers the cautious approach, but often goes along with the flow.

—— "*Dragons should be a silent disaster. Heroes should descend from the stage while they are still heroes.*"

He fully understands that this hope is nothing more than his own ego. Still, he's lost too many comrades to try engaging in a dialogue with dragons at this point.

The excuse of a cunning old man.

<br/>

**Theodore Maxwell**

Just an ordinary magical creature biologist. Older brother of the former Sage, Carla Maxwell. Prime suspect in the Gluttonous Zoe theft incident eight years ago.

---

#### Timeline

16 Years Ago <br/>
- Disaster of Lugaroa, where the town was overrun by an earth dragon stampede. Isaac was six, and Silas was nine at the time.

12 Years Ago <br/>
- Baby dragon discovered at Minerva [[Gaiden V10C1](/SilentWitchGaiden/0187)]

10 Years Ago <br/>
- Louis and Lionel meet Einhard in the Empire [[Gaiden V7C16](/SilentWitchGaiden/0113)]
- Carla Maxwell (a member of the Seven Sages at the time) performs magical dedication at the festival in Rainfield [[Gaiden V9C16](/SilentWitchGaiden/0172)]
- Ryn forms a master-servant contract with Louis, the young ace of the Magic Corps [[Gaiden V9EX2](/SilentWitchGaiden/0184)]

8 Years Ago <br/>
- Red dragon discovered in Dalsmore. Magical biologist attempts to intervene, causing a conflict with Dunning
- Ancient artifact Gluttonous Zoe is stolen. As the sister of the suspect Theodore Maxwell, the Starspear Witch resigns from the Seven Sages
- Incident involving the Phantom Dragon of Pistraune, resulting in the sinking of the luxury cruise ship Evangeline

---

Things seem to have gotten pretty serious, but please be warned that there will be a few not-so-serious side stories before Gaiden 11.



