---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 153"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0153
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden8
chapter: 153
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 8: Proof of Knowledge"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett (19)**

The Silent Witch. Can perform magical experiments with the utmost precision, but the same thing cannot be said of her cooking.

Those who know her foster mother, Hilda Everett, often remark, "Considering how Hilda raised her, she's still pretty normal...!"

She ate everything as a child, but after falling ill from Hilda's lamb stew, she developed an aversion to lamb. Not to mention the peas. Traumatized for life.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker (22)**

The pastry chef who is apprenticed to a witch. Also known as "Mysterious Noble", "Your Highness", "Your Excellency", and "Duke Erin".

He recently learned the feeling of receiving a large quantity of not-so-favorite foods from his grandmother in the countryside.

From mastering chantless storage magic to chantless sparkling magic, he steadily levels up as the Silent Witch's disciple.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley (20)**

The well-behaved heir of Marquis Highown. He eats anything without being picky, but has a small appetite and is sensitive to hot foods.

His chilly aura has disappeared, thus altering the speed at which his food and drinks cool. As a result, he often mistimes his bites, leading to burning his tongue. If you see him going rigid and teary-eyed during meals, that's why.

<br/>

**The Key of Knowledge, Sophocles**

A gentlemanly scholar adept at using sealing barriers. He is seriously concerned about the overlap in character with a certain Barrier Mage, but probably, no one else cares.

<br/>

**Vicent Ashley**

The Marquis of Highown and Cyril's adoptive father. Loves both his daughter and adopted son, but is very worried about Cyril's tendency to overwork himself and collapse.

The Key of Knowledge originally said, "*I flatly refuse to contract with this unsociable man. Get me his wife, now!*" But then, he managed to tame the ring with the power of board games.

<br/>

**Thule**

The White Dragon of Kalug, commonly seen as a white weasel. He enjoys chilled meat and alcohol. Aside from that, he generally likes anything Cyril likes.

<br/>

**Ashelpikeh**

A legendary ice spirit, commonly seen as a golden weasel. Has no sense of taste but can eat. She says delicious to anything that Thule says is delicious.

<br/>

**Claudia Maywood (19)**

She has no food preferences, but her likes and dislikes toward people are intense. Has known Raul since before the main story started, nothing more than acquaintances though.

Complained a lot about being forced to accompany Cyril's chess practice, but she wasn't even the main victim. Neil had it much worse.

<br/>

**Neil Clay Maywood (19)**

A mediator who is busy darting around Ridill for various matters.

Ever since hearing that drinking milk makes one taller, he never misses his glass of milk in the morning. Surely, the path to greater heights will reveal itself as long as he doesn't give up.

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg (21)**

Farmer/Sage. His job as the Fifth Thorn Witch is suspected to be a side gig.

Relatively skilled in cooking, and prefers a slightly firmer texture for vegetables. The crunchiness of the carrots in his soup caused a certain 'Esteemed Noble' outside the window to grimace.

<br/>

**Nero**

The runaway cat who immediately saw through the true identity of the Phantom Dragon.

He fought off crows and stray dogs during his runaway hijinks, thinking he had experienced a great adventure, only to find out that Monica and Isaac went through an even greater one. Meow, what a surprise.

<br/>

**Glenn Dudley (19)**

The lively son of a butcher. He loves meat and hates carrots.

Is genuinely concerned about the jam and alcohol taking the greater portion of his master's diet. The first time he got seriously upset with his master was when Louis tried to slap jam on good meat.

<br/>

**Elliott Howard (20)**

Likes boiled turnips but dislikes pickled ones. Hates the stem part of leafy vegetables. Avoids meat with bones because it is difficult to eat. Can eat carrots, but dislikes them when sautéed with butter. Hates the texture of salted fish and as well as those with too many bones. Likes beans in paste form but dislikes them when eaten whole, and so on, and so on.

A droopy-eyed man with too many dislikes, making meals overly complicated. Expected to play an active role in the next arc.
