---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 150"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0150
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden8
chapter: 150
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 8: Proof of Knowledge"
---
<h2>[V8C22] Black Dragon and White Dragon</h2>

The final performance for the play recommended by Melissa aligned nicely with their schedules, so Monica, Isaac, Cyril, and Raul decided to go watch it together.

Inside the theater-bound carriage, Thule and Pikeh, in their weasel forms, played joyfully on Cyril's lap, climbing up his shoulders and resting on the window frame. There was a slight accident where a bump in the road caused Thule to almost fall out of the window, but Raul quickly caught him by cupping his hands.

"Thanks, Raul."

"Don't mention it. Feel free to ride on my shoulders if you want."

"Okay."

Thule proceeded to climb up Raul's arm, darting between his shoulders and the top of his head. He seemed to be having a great time.

Cyril watched the playful weasel while stroking Pikeh in his lap, but was suddenly reminded of his earlier doubts, bringing up the issue.

"By the way, Raul, there's something I wanted to ask you."

"The recipe for today's soup?"

"No. During the magical battle, you mentioned something about a white dragon... Does the First Thorn Witch have some connection or grudge against white dragons?"

This was something that had piqued Monica's curiosity as well. Raul had referred to the white dragon as an 'archnemesis,' glaring at Thule with deep resentment.

"Did I really say that? Dang, I'm sorry, Thule."

Raul apologized, looking right up at the weasel still riding his head. However, Thule appeared genuinely unconcerned, responding only with a casual, "I don't mind at all."

Observing this exchange, Isaac interjected.

"I was also a bit curious about that. I've read many legends of the Thorn Witch, but there was nothing about her confronting a white dragon."

"Huh? Nothing? But it was definitely in the books at our place, that story of our ancestor using black flames to fight off a white dragon."

Black flames——Monica and Isaac unconsciously tensed up upon hearing this. Meanwhile, Cyril seemed confused, suggesting that he was not very familiar with the term.

"...Black flames? Does that refer to the flame breath of black dragons?" Cyril asked.

"Yeah, exactly. They're said to be the flames of the underworld that can burn anything! By the way, Monica, didn't you fight the Black Dragon of Worgan? Have you seen black flames in person?"

"N-No..."

Monica answered in a frail voice with her eyes averted. After all, the Black Dragon of Worgan was currently her familiar, the black cat who ran away from home the other day.

(Oh, but maybe I should tell them about Nero? Thule and Nero might bump into each other eventually...) 

The next time Cyril brings Thule to Sazandol, the white dragon will likely cross paths with Nero. To avoid any possible confusion, it would be best to explain Nero's circumstances beforehand.

As Monica pondered whether or not to reveal the secret, Raul continued his explanation.

"You know, there used to be a spell for invoking black flames a long time ago. But nowadays, it's one of the Three Forbidden Arts and even researching it is punishable by execution. Back in the time of the First Thorn Witch, those capable of using black flames were revered almost like gods."

Indeed, the First Thorn Witch was known as the strongest witch in all history, and for good reason. She could control both the Man-Eating Rose Fortress and black flames simultaneously. Such circumstances were why not even the king could go against her.

"But then, her black flames were neutralized by the blizzard breath of a white dragon! And that's why the white dragon was said to be her fated adversary."

Monica involuntarily widened her eyes upon hearing this. Raul had revealed it so casually, but this was an incredibly valuable piece of information.

"So, um, white dragons can neutralize black flames?"

These were the flames of the underworld, capable of burning everything in existence. Even the most potent defensive barriers would be turned to dust in an instant. As such, everyone believed that it was impossible to defend against black flames.

When Monica was told to defeat a black dragon, she had intended to shoot it down before it could unleash its breath. That was her only path to victory.

Noticing Monica's shock, Thule nodded his small head up and down.

"Yeah, we can. That's why black dragons really hate white dragons."

"Huh?"

"Whenever they see a white dragon, they always try to chase us down and burn us! Pretty scary, right?"

At this point, Monica's entire body was covered in a cold sweat. She had planned to bring up the subject of Nero at the right moment, but then the conversation veered in this unexpected direction.

With her voice growing increasingly strained, Monica asked Thule another question.

"Um, T-Thule... have you ever, erm, encountered a black dragon?"

"I don't remember much from back then, but come to think of it, I think I have."

Meanwhile, the golden weasel Pikeh darted up Raul's head and snuggled close to Thule.

"Don't worry, Thule. If a black dragon chases you, I'll freeze it."

Monica grew ever more pale after the confident declaration of the ice spirit, Ashelpikeh.

Any encounter between Nero and Thule would be a big problem. A very big problem.

"Well, black dragons aren't something you see every day, and even if one does show up, we'll be fine with Monica here, right!"

Raul's cheerful assertion with two weasels riding his head only made Monica gasp in horror.

Perhaps noticing her unease, Isaac casually changed the subject.

"Perhaps House Roseberg concealed the fact that black flames could be neutralized by a white dragon. That's probably why it wasn't mentioned in the books I read."

"Yeah, you're probably right. My family always wants the First Thorn Witch to be the strongest, so it makes sense that they would hide her loss against a white dragon."

Raul's exasperated comment did not reach Monica's ears, as she was busy vowing to prevent any possible meeting between Nero and Thule. Otherwise, a showdown of legendary dragons might commence in the middle of Sazandol.

With the participation of the greater spirit Ashelpikeh, it might turn into a catastrophe with black flames and blizzards flying every which way.

Monica shivered as she imagined the scene, causing Cyril to furrow his brow.

"Monica, you look pale... Are you okay?"

"I-I'm, I'm f-f-fine."

Monica's response indicated that she was clearly not fine, causing Cyril to worry even more.

However, Isaac quickly interjected.

"It's probably just motion sickness. We should be arriving any time now, so let's wrap up this conversation."

Monica secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

(...I need to discuss this with Nero once he comes back...)

In the first place, Monica knew little about what Nero was doing before they met. He had mentioned living in the Empire before, but that was it.

Suddenly, Monica recalled something Nero had said back when they first met.

——"*Call me Nero. Nero-sama is fine too. It means black in the language of some country where a mathematician lives, apparently.*"

It was only now that she realized. Nero had already known a bit about human culture before meeting her.

(Come to think of it, wasn't Nero's robe...?)

"We've arrived, Monica."

"Oh, okay."

Monica paused her contemplation upon hearing Isaac's prompting. A recently built theater was visible outside the window, with crowds of people lined up, eagerly awaiting the start of the play.

Monica swallowed nervously as she mustered up the courage to pass through this crowd.

---

It was casually mentioned before in Ch14, but the First Thorn Witch can use black flames, making her insanely powerful. Of course, Raul cannot use black flames even when he enters his "First Thorn Witch" mode.





