---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 31"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0031
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden3
chapter: 31
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 3: Engagement for the Seeker of Love"
---
<h2>[V3C7] Creaking</h2>

Starseer Witch Mary Harvey was one of the Seven Sages, the most powerful mages in the country. Simultaneously, she was associated with the family of Marquis Bersting.

Parties held at her mansion were likely to be formal events. With this in mind, Monica awkwardly walked over to the reception and completed her entrance procedures.

As a Sage, Monica usually attended castle ceremonies in her formal robes. However, today's party was a private affair. Even though it was organized by a fellow Sage, Monica believed that showing up in a robe might attract unwanted attention. Therefore, she wore a light blue dress with a white bolero.

This outfit was created for her by a tailor shop owned by Lana's family. Lana had advised her to increase her casual wear collection, since she's started attending more events like academic conferences. The dress was designed to be modest, with a high collar and minimal exposure.

According to Lana, there were different dresses suitable for daytime and nighttime parties.

──Daytime dresses should have modest exposure and subdued shine. Your accessories should not be too flashy. In contrast, evening dresses can expose the shoulders, use shiny fabrics, and include sparkling accessories.

Thinking back, Monica recalled that the dance party after the Serendia Academy school festival had a lot of dresses with exposure and sparkling accessories.

Since today's party was held during the day, the noblewomen at the venue mostly wore modest dresses. Monica secretly exhaled, feeling grateful for Lana's advice, and consciously straightened her posture.

(Lana chose this dress for me, so it must look good. Now it's just a matter of carrying myself well…)

Reminding herself to behave appropriately for the sake of her lovely dress, Monica proceeded into the venue.

Monica usually avoided such parties, but this time, there was a reason for her attendance. It turned out that the party would include a meeting between Ray and his fiancé, whom Monica had not yet met.

For this occasion, Raul specifically asked Monica to attend, saying that her assistance might be needed.

(I wonder why they need my help? ...Maybe my chantless magic can assist in some way?)

While pondering this, Monica surveyed the party venue.

The Starseer Witch Mary Harvey's mansion was luxurious, and its most striking feature was the extensive use of large glass panes. Her windows, crafted with cutting-edge technology, were more expensive than any crystal chandelier.

Specially commissioned for her stargazing activities, the windows allowed a full view of the starry night sky, and bathed the interior in abundant sunlight during the day.

As Monica gazed up at the clear winter sky through the glass, a hoarse voice sounded from behind.

"Oh? Is that you, Monica Everett?"

Monica turned around, her eyes widening.

Standing behind Monica was an old man with a smoking pipe in hand. He didn't have a beard, and his white hair was neatly trimmed.

This old man was none other than the teacher Monica knew best from her time at Minerva: the Smoke Mage, Professor Gideon Rutherford.

"Rutherford-sensei! L-Long time no see..."

"Yeah, long time indeed. You hardly ever show up at these kinds of gatherings."

Rutherford cut his words there, and he pondered for a moment, letting the smoke from his pipe waft into the air. The exhaled purple smoke formed rings, drifting and disappearing.

"By the way, I heard you've been making appearances at academic conferences recently. Either way, you've grown compared to the time you were holed up in my research lab."

Rutherford could be considered an authority at Minerva.

Simply being a research student from Rutherford's lab was enough to earn respect. Back when Monica mastered chantless magic, joining him as a research student allowed her an exemption from several classes.

This old professor had given her an environment to perform whatever research she pleased, as well as her recommendation into the Seven Sages.

Therefore, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say Monica stood here today because of Rutherford.

As Monica reminisced about those times, Rutherford scanned Monica's dress and chuckled teasingly.

"So, the little squirt who always dressed awfully has finally awakened to the fashionable attire of a young lady. Well, I might not know much about trends, but I have to say you don't look half-bad."

"Th-Thank you! ...Um, my friend picked it out for me."

As Monica quickly added those words, Rutherford widened his sharp eyes.

Knowing Monica from her time at Minerva, Rutherford understood how precious the term "friend" was to her.

Rutherford softened his stern face slightly, looking at Monica with eyes resembling those of someone looking at their grandchild.

"...I see, that's good for you."

"Yes!"

Monica smiled and nodded, as Rutherford enjoyed another whiff from his pipe.

"Well, anyway, you're also one of the Seven Sages. Enjoy these events, just don't get too giddy."

Since many mages were also nobles, they often received invitations to social events. Today's party was a typical example. Half of the attendees were relatives of the Starseer Witch, who organized the event, and the other half were members of the Mage Association.

Looking around, there were former Sages, Minerva professors, and executives of the Mage Association all over the venue. Even Professor McRegan was attending.

(I should go greet McRegan-sensei too.)

As Monica thought about that, a young male voice came from behind.

"Hey, is that you, Rutherford-sensei! It's been a while! I didn't know you were here!"

Approaching with a friendly smile was a young man with neat black hair.

He seemed to be just a little over 20. Although Monica didn't know him, she felt like his facial features resembled someone she knew.

Who could it be? As Monica pondered her acquaintances, Rutherford exhaled purple smoke and muttered softly.

"Oh, Curtis Ashley. You're here too."

"Yes, that's correct. Our home is distantly related to the Starseer Witch's family of House Bersting!"

Ashley. That was the family name of Cyril and Claudia.

It was then that Monica finally noticed. This young man had a slight resemblance to Claudia.

However, it wasn't surprising that Monica didn't notice immediately. The refreshing smile of this young man and Claudia's perpetually gloomy face gave off vastly different vibes.

"...Are you from House Highown?"

As Monica timidly interjected, the young man turned to her. Then, he bent down slightly, as if speaking to a child.

"Oh, how lovely. Are you Rutherford-sensei's granddaughter? I'm Curtis Ashley."

It seemed that this young man, Curtis, was unaware that Monica was the Silent Witch.

Since he was a relative of Cyril, it would be best to make a proper introduction. Monica straightened her back, about to speak. However, before she could, Rutherford interjected.

"Curtis Ashley is the nephew of Marquis Highown. Oh yeah, I suppose you guys are also distant relatives to the Starseer Witch."

"Yes, that's right! The renowned magic bloodline of House Bersting has deep connections to House Highown. Since we are known as the Lineage of Knowledge..."

Marquis Highown was Cyril's adoptive father. In other words, this young man named Curtis seemed to be a cousin to Cyril and Claudia.

However, the surprising fact was that House Highown and House Bersting were distant relatives.

After Curtis finished speaking, Monica quietly asked the question that had been on her mind.

"Um, so, Cyril-sama might be... in this venue?"

"Oh, miss, do you know Cyril? Yes, he's here. After all, he's currently discussing an engagement with the daughter of Marquis Bersting."

"...Eh?"

Monica's thoughts momentarily stopped.

——The daughter of Marquis Bersting, in other words, a relative of the Starseer Witch. She would be engaged to Cyril?

It wasn't an odd story at all.

Considering Cyril's age, it wouldn't be strange for him to already have a fiancé. His sister Claudia, for example, got married immediately after graduating from the academy.

Moreover, Cyril was the heir to Marquis Highown. It's only natural for him to engage with the daughter of a prestigious family.

So why did she feel so shocked?

Monica staggered for a moment and took a step back.

Curtis seemed to have lost interest in Monica and was conversing happily with Rutherford.

Meanwhile, Monica clenched her hands tightly at her chest and left the scene.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

With a bowed head, Monica left the party venue, walking slowly.

She didn't really understand why she left the venue. She just felt that if she happened to find Cyril in the venue... she wouldn't be able to smile convincingly.

(Um, I've never thought about Cyril-sama having an engagement with someone... Yeah, I guess, I was just really surprised... Yeah, that's it...)

Walking without looking ahead, Monica, lost in thought, bumped her head into a pillar in the corridor after a few steps.

"Fugyah!?" Letting out a pitiful scream, Monica crouched down on the spot.

Holding her throbbing head and sniffing back a sob, Monica felt a warm sensation behind her eyes, as if she were about to cry. It must be because she hit her head. Surely.

"...It hurts."

As she crouched down and sniffed for a while, Raul's voice echoed from behind, "Hey, Monica!"

Monica instinctively covered her eyes with her sleeves. Lana had taught her not to rub her eyes with her hands at times like this.

She softly wiped away the teary traces so her makeup wouldn't smudge, and turned to face Raul with an awkward smile.

Raul, seemingly oblivious, didn't notice that Monica had been crying. He approached her with his usual attitude.

"Phew, finally found you, Monica! We need to get ready for 'Operation Get Ray and His Fiancé Together', so come with me!"

"Y-yes, I'll come right away!"

Ignoring the creaking in her chest, Monica headed towards the waiting room where Ray was, along with Raul.

Today, Monica had come to facilitate the relationship between Ray and his fiancé.

Nothing else would take priority.

Absolutely nothing at all.



