---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 190"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0190
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden10
chapter: 190
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 10: Dragon Slayer Mage"
---
<h2>[V10C4] Must Protect...!</h2>

Elliott had prepared a carriage to carry Monica and Ryn back to the royal capital, but the two declined his offer.

This was because Louis told them in advance to return to the capital via flight. They needed to hurry and make it back in time for the selection of the new Sage candidate.

Monica had also mentioned that a send-off was unnecessary, but Elliott still came to see them off at the front of the mansion.

"Good thing I won't have to listen to the good old Nanny's nagging any longer," Elliott said with a bit of snark.

"Do not worry, Elliott-bocchama. Your Nanny will continue to pray for your well-being from afar."

Ryn's nonsensical response caused Elliott to sigh.

"At least make an effort to communicate properly."

"I have read literature that says 'Nanny' describes someone who wishes for the growth of children."

The implication that he was a child caused Elliott's cheek to twitch. However, Ryn continued in her usual calm tone.

"I look forward to the festival three years from now, Elliott-bocchama."

Elliott scoffed and lifted the corner of his mouth, smirking.

"You'd better. I'll leave you trembling in your boots three years from now."

"I am already trembling in anticipation."

Ryn spoke in the same indifferent tone as always, but Monica sensed a tinge of liveliness in those words, much like Ryn had shown when humming the Populia Rukah song.

As Monica pondered that thought, Elliott fixed his posture and turned to her.

"Mage Countess Everett, thank you very much for the splendid magical dedication. I express my gratitude on the behalf of Rainfield."

Along with his thanks, Elliott offered a deep bow.

Monica felt awkward seeing Elliott treat her so politely, but she managed to straighten her back and give a proper response.

"I'm honored that you enjoyed it."

"Can I count on you again in the future?" Elliott continued.

Monica tightened her expression, clenched her fists, and spoke in a firm tone.

"Yes. I'll improve the formula for next time to make the sound transmit even better."

"Even better...?" Elliott widened his droopy eyes in mild surprise. "You really are a Sage, huh."

That single statement made Monica incredibly happy for some reason.

The Monica of the past had joined the Seven Sages because other people told her to. The title was little more than a burden to her.

The current Monica was still immature in some areas, but she could understand the weight of her title, and stand tall while bearing it.

This change came about because of her experiences at Serendia Academy, where she observed the dignified behavior of those who faced their responsibilities head on... one example being the man in front of her, Elliott.

Ryn casually raised her right hand, and the next instant, Monica and Ryn were enveloped in a bubble of wind that gently floated upwards.

As the two gradually lifted into the sky, Elliott suddenly recalled something that he wanted to say.

"Oh right, you know the Populia Rukah I put in your souvenirs...!"

Elliott had given Monica several souvenirs, and one of them was the baked stick-shape confection known as Populia Rukah.

Monica wondered what the confection had to do with anything, as Elliott twisted his mouth into a particularly mischievous grin.

"I made sure to buy it at the store known for having the toughest ones in town. Make sure to give *him* a taste... without any drinks."

"T-That's very mean...!"

The bubble of wind soared off, and Elliott's figure disappeared into the distance.

Once they reached a high enough altitude to have a panoramic view of Rainfield, a voice sounded from the eastern sky.

"Rynzbelfied-niisama! I will be waiting for your return for as long as it takes...! Ubwoooh...!!"

Once her younger brother lapsed into making strange sounds, Ryn replied in a flat tone.

"Yes, I'll be back. Eventually."

Those sounded like the words of someone who was very unlikely to return. Ryn promptly flew off, straight toward the royal capital.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Monica and Ryn arrived at the Ridill Royal Palace before noon and parted ways. Apparently, she was headed to the house of the Starspear Witch, Carla Maxwell, in order to clean it.

"Well then, I'll be taking my leave now... Please excuse me."

Ryn flew off radiating an aura of faint excitement. And in reality, she probably was excited. Cleaning Carla's house was the reason she had become a maid in the first place.

(I can understand how it feels good to do something for the person you like.)

Perhaps humans and spirits were not so different in this area.

While pondering the subject, Monica made her way to her office in the palace.

Although the room was technically called an office, Monica had hardly done anything 'official' here. There was a desk and a chair for her to work in, but she mainly used the room for storing luggage and documents.

After organizing her travel luggage and souvenirs, Monica changed into her Sage robes and headed to the barracks of the Magic Corps. Today, they would be assessing the Sage candidate Silas Page in this building.

Monica was guided to the designated reception room by a young member of the Magic Corps, but none of the other Sages were present. Instead, she was met by an unexpected person relaxing on the sofa.

"Oh, someone finally arrives, but it's just Moni-Moni? Come on, are the other Sages going to be coming anytime soon?"

"M-Melissa-oneesan?"

Sitting on the sofa with her legs crossed was the Fourth Thorn Witch, Melissa Roseberg.

Melissa usually adorned herself in flashy dresses, but today, she wore a robe befitting a mage. In addition, the staff of an advanced mage was propped up against her sofa.

But why was Melissa here? As if she understood Monica's doubts, Melissa twirled her distinctive red hair around her finger, then frowned as she explained.

"The grandmas summoned me here because there was apparently some important discussion. Then they told me to help with the barrier for the assessment of the new Sage since I was already here. What am I, their slave?"

A new member of the Seven Sages would have a wide-ranging implications across the entire magical community, so it was not uncommon for influential figures from the Mage Association, the Magic Research Institute, the Magic Corps, and various mage training institutions to participate.

That said, Monica found it somewhat surprising that Melissa was summoned.

Melissa was a member of the prestigious House Roseberg as well as a former Sage, but she currently worked as a freelance mage without any affiliations. It was natural for her grandmothers to participate given their positions in various magic-related circles, but the presence of Melissa herself seemed a bit unnatural.

Moreover, Melissa didn't seem to know why she was dragged into the meeting, judging by her fidgety and anxious mood.

"These '*important discussions*' always end up being '*deal with this troublesome matter for us*' anyways. Ugh, what a pain."

Monica responded with a vague nod, then Melissa gestured for her to come closer. It seemed like an invitation to sit beside her.

Monica sat down on the sofa, and Melissa reached out to grab her cheek.

"Uh, Onee-san, why are you pinching... mergh..."

"You know, I just heard some interesting news."

Melissa leaned in as if sharing a secret, all while kneading Monica's cheek.

"About how Second Prince Felix is visiting the palace today."

"...Huh?"

Prince Felix, aka Isaac, was here in the palace.

But Monica knew that Isaac had returned to his territory of Erin shortly before she left Sazandol. Perhaps he headed to the palace immediately afterwards?

"You heard about how Prince Felix has been keeping to his own territory after renouncing his claim to the throne, right?"

"Um, yes..."

To be more precise, he also spent about half of the month at Monica's house.

That was something Monica couldn't say, so she merely averted her gaze and allowed Melissa to continue kneading her cheek.

"He hardly attends official events nowadays, and whenever he does visit the capital, he never brings more than a few attendants. It's like he's purposely trying to avoid attracting attention."

"O-Okay..."

"Don't you think this is the perfect chance to get closer to him?"

Closer? How could Monica get any closer when Isaac was already her disciple?

Monica felt a cold sweat forming on her back. She had a very bad feeling about the direction this conversation was going.

Meanwhile, Melissa wrapped both hands around Monica's head, grasping her firmly by the cheeks, and peered into her eyes.

"So I'll be paying a visit to Prince Felix once this business is done. And you, Moni-Moni, will be coming with me."

"B-But why me...?"

"Because of your connection to Prince Felix, of course. You know, from the curse dragon incident."

Two years ago, the Silent Witch had fought alongside the Second Prince to subjugate a curse dragon. Thus, Monica possessed the strongest connection to Prince Felix, both in public and in private.

"It's hard to have a productive conversation with someone you know nothing about, right? But that won't be the case if you introduce me to Prince Felix."

While kneading Monica's cheeks with both hands, Melissa put on a cheerful grin.

"A wealthy prince locked up in his domain is basically a gold mine waiting to be claimed. Not to mention those looks! Talking with a handsome man is nourishment to my skin and heart. Two birds with one stone!"

(Oh no...!)

"Think about what a retired prince is doing with his free time. I'm sure he's keeping a girl or two in that mansion of his."

(No! Ike would never do such a thing!)

"And that's where my potions come in. Hehehe... I'll make a fortune off of meeting all his *special needs*...!"

(Um, well, Ike did sometimes indulge in nightlife, but he's an incredibly honest man! And a really good disciple!)

At this rate, Melissa would trick Isaac and take all of his money.

Holding down her shaking body, Monica made a silent vow to protect her disciple.



