---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 116"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0116
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 116
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[V7C19] Happy Dreams</h2>

"Checkmate."

"...Ah."

Robert delivered the finishing blow, causing Monica to let out a small gasp. After one final look over the board, she muttered, "I lost," and drooped her head. Elliott, who had been spectating, put on a malicious grin.

"You're not doing so well today, Little Squirrel."

"Ugh..."

Monica lowered her shoulders as Benjamin, who had also been watching, spread his hands wide and offered his own comment.

"It seems Miss Everett cannot show her usual brilliance today... Or rather, it is her concentration that is lacking. This is a critical component for both music and chess. Without focus, no masterpiece can be born, and victory will remain elusive."

Just Benjamin had pointed out, Monica felt unfocused today for some reason. It was as if her mind was covered in a constant fog, and the trivialest of details bothered her, even now.

(Huh? Did he always refer to me like that...?)

Monica pressed her fingers against her temple, trying to remember. Meanwhile, Robert spoke while rearranging the chess pieces.

"Miss Monica, if you are not feeling well, then... let's have another match."

"Uweh!?"

As Monica let out a shocked gasp, Elliot glared at Robert with a look of complete disbelief.

"Have you considered that normal people would postpone chess for another day when they're not in the mood?"

"Well, when I'm feeling off, focusing my mind on chess grants me tranquility, helping me regain my composure."

"...I can't comprehend you at all."

While Elliott completely disagreed with Robert, Monica was not entirely unsympathetic.

"I think I can understand that. Whenever I'm not feeling well, solving math problems helps calm my mind... I've been thinking about the twin prime conjecture lately."

"That is certainly one method. When I feel my melodies are off, I immerse myself in music, rejoining myself with the musical world. This refreshes my view of music and helps me regain my composure," followed Benjamin.

Elliott's face gradually twisted into a scowl, but no one else in the room noticed.

"Chess is the purest form of meditation."

"It has been proven that there are infinite prime numbers, but the twin prime conjecture has yet to be proven..."

"Becoming one with sublime music leads me to the greatest of melodies..."

The enthusiasts of chess, math, and music bantered endlessly, causing Elliott to ruffle his hair in frustration, muttering, "Give me a break."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Following the chess class, as Monica was heading to her next classroom, she heard someone calling out "Hey, Monica!" from the opposite corridor.

It was Glenn, waving energetically as he rushed to her side. Behind him were Neil and Claudia, apparently having just finished their basic magical studies class.

After Monica greeted them with a bow, Glenn began shouting with sparkling eyes.

"In today's class, I nailed all the stuff I studied with you and Al! Professor McRegan praised me like crazy, saying stuff like, '*There might be a storm today*'!"

Behind the clearly proud Glenn, Claudia muttered gloomy comments as Neil put on a strained smile.

"...Wow, what lovely words of praise."

"Um, but still, Glenn really did his best today! He didn't fall asleep even once...!"

"...You really know how to give compliments, Neil. By the way, will you praise me for the efforts I made during class as well?"

"W-Well... um..."

Claudia clung to the stuttering Neil, rubbing her cheeks against his arm. Seeing this, Monica couldn't help but think that those two would never change.

"Monica, thanks a bunch!" Glenn exclaimed.

"Don't mention it. I'm glad I could help."

It genuinely pleased Monica to assist a friend in her area of expertise, especially since she couldn't contribute much to Glenn's studying for the Novice Mage Exam...

(...Huh?)

Monica voiced the question that had popped into her head.

"Glenn-san, have you already passed the Novice Mage exam?"

"Not yet. I'm really bad at the written portion..."

"Y-Yeah, right..."

Why did she mistakenly believe that Glenn had already obtained the Novice Mage qualification? This must be another symptom of her poor condition today.

Monica rubbed her forehead in thought as an energetic voice echoed through the corridor.

"Monica, Glenn! Perfect timing!"

The words were spoken with cheer, and upon hearing them, Monica's heart skipped a beat. She slowly turned toward the source to see a girl with a ponytail approaching her.


"Casey..."

Casey put on a cheerful smile as she held up a box in her hands.

"I made some biscuits using the leftovers from the kitchen. Wanna eat them together?"

Though uncharacteristic of most young ladies, the girl's lively smile was just as Monica had remembered. There could be no doubt that she was Casey Grove.

Yet, for some reason, an inexplicable longing gripped Monica's chest once she saw Casey.

"Monica!? What's wrong!?"

"Eh? Ah..."

The worried Casey peered into Monica's face. It was only then that Monica realized tears were streaming down her cheeks.

Monica quickly used her gloved hands to wipe off her eyes. However, her tears refused to stop flowing.

"Huh? Why...? Why am I...?"

"Did Miss Claudia say something mean to you?"

Hearing Casey's accusation, Claudia shot the girl a disapproving look.

"...How rude. Why would you immediately suspect me?"

"Sorry, I just assumed, considering the company. Hey, Monica, are you okay? Feeling unwell anywhere? Do you need to go to the infirmary?"

Casey gently stroked the sobbing Monica's back.

This kindness was no act. Casey had always been kind to others——this realization surprised even Monica herself.

"Sorry... I'm fine, really..."

"Are you sure? Okay then..."

Casey, Glenn, and Neil were all looking at Monica with concern.

Monica attempted to wipe her face with a handkerchief from her pocket. However, rather than the soft texture of her handkerchief, her fingers touched something hard and flat.

Perplexed, she pulled the object out and discovered it was a cat carved out of wood.

(...Did I own something like this?)

Putting the wooden cat back into her pocket, she attempted to use her sleeves instead. Noticing this, Casey pulled out her handkerchief to help Monica wipe the tears.

Monica noticed how the handkerchief was embroidered with yellow flowers.

"Thank you for the handkerchief, Casey."

After expressing her gratitude, Monica was overcome by a strange sense of déjà vu.

It felt as if she had thanked Casey for a handkerchief before. Not at Serendia Academy, but somewhere else entirely.

"You're welcome."

Casey responded with the same caring smile as always. So why did seeing it give Monica the urge to cry?

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

(Maybe I really am off today…)

Her day had been full of delight... eating lunch with Isabelle, playing chess in her elective class, enjoying Casey's biscuits during the lively tea party——and yet, an incomprehensible anxiety ate at her chest.

In such a state, she would likely make mistakes during her student council tasks.

Now that classes were over, Monica stood in front of the student council room, slapping her cheeks and straightening her posture. She could not afford to remain absent-minded, as Cyril would scold her again.

"Okay, I'm ready."

Monica nodded to herself, then opened the door to the student council room.

Since it was still early, most of the members had yet to arrive. The room had only one person, Felix, sitting in the chair of the Student Council President.

"Hey, Monica."

"Hello, Ike."

Immediately after returning the greeting, Monica began doubting her own words.

(...Ike? Who is that?)

Monica did know anyone named Ike attending Serendia Academy. And yet, she felt an inexplicable certainty in her chest.

(Ike is... my friend.)

Seated before her was the Second Prince of the country, Felix Arc Ridill. He was the perfect prince in every way, adored by everyone.

"What's wrong, Monica?"

Upon seeing his flawless smile, Monica's chest was overcome with a strange feeling of anxiety.

(I remember now. All of Ike's smiles have been like this recently…)

Before she realized it, her lips had started moving on their own.

"…Are you, um, worried about anything?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Can I, er, help in any way?"

Upon hearing these questions, Felix looked slightly confused.

Monica had no clue what she was getting at, but she couldn't stop herself. Staring into his blue eyes, Monica clenched her fists and said...

"P-Please let me help you. I am... I am your mentor and your friend... Ike!!"

He was the precious friend who did not exist in Serendia Academy, and yet he was there.

As soon as Monica shouted that name, the world cracked and fell apart. Felix, the furniture, even the room itself... everything constituting the world disappeared without a sound. Monica found herself in a darkness deeper than the blackest night.

Unnoticed to her, there was a faint shine coming from the wooden cat in her pocket. The light was weak and fragile, but it spread across her entire body as if acting as a shell to protect her.

——And then, her consciousness resurfaced.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

"…Mm?"

Monica, who had been sleeping with her face buried in the desk, raised her head and started rubbing her eyes.

She looked around to find that this was not Serendia Academy, but the private room prepared for her within Ausahorn Palace. The room was pitch black, as her candlelight had gone out.

Monica blinked a few times, recalling her remarkably vivid dream.

...It had been both happy and melancholic.

In the world of dreams, the things she couldn't do became possible, be it Having a friendly lunch with Isabelle, or living everyday life with Casey.


Though modest, this was the happiness that Monica had wished for. Even after waking up, the poignant feeling of longing lingered within her chest.

Monica lit the candles with chantless magic and performed a light stretch. Due to sleeping at her desk, her joints felt sore.

After shaking her head to clear the dream off her mind, Monica reflected on the events of today.

(Um... so I got the wooden cat from Karina, then chatted with Cecilia-sama after she returned from the tea party at the villa. That ended when it was time for the meal, and...)

Monica had guarded Cecilia for the duration of the meal, then swapped with the Dream Mage, Casper Hutter.

She had planned to return to this room and take a short nap after drinking some hot milk... and that was where her memory cut off.

Monica reached for the cup on her desk. Her half-empty cup of hot milk had cooled to room temperature.

(I fell asleep on the desk while drinking hot milk?)

Monica had a bad habit of collapsing onto the floor or her chair after staying up all night. She had lost track of how many times her unofficial disciple had to carry her to the bed.

That said, she had been getting proper sleep for the past few days.

(Something feels off.)

Monica grabbed the staff leaning against the wall and departed the room. Since it was long past bedtime, only a few dim lights remained in the darkened corridor.

With only this faint light as her guide, Monica headed for Cecilia's room at a brisk pace. Already panting for breath after climbing a few flights of stairs, Monica reached Cecilia's floor and promptly widened her eyes in shock.

The corridor leading to Cecilia's room was covered in guards lying on the floor.

She rushed over to check them, but they had no visible injuries, and their breathing was quiet and peaceful. They were sound asleep, much like Monica had been a short while ago.

(...Could it be...?)

Further down the corridor, the door to Cecilia's room was wide open. Monica jumped into the room and began shouting her name.

"Cecilia-sama! Cecilia-sama!"

There was no response, as Cecilia was not inside.

(Where could she be...?)

The lower floors were for servants, and Monica had not noticed any abnormalities when she passed through them.

If Cecilia was still nearby, then she was likely on this floor or a higher one.

Monica rushed out of the room and ran down the corridor again.



