---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 24"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0024
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden2
chapter: 24
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 2: Village of the Witches"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett (19)**

After returning to her Sazandol residence, Monica earnestly prepared herbal tea, earning a wry smile from Isaac.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker (22)**

Extremist Fan No. 1

The man who brought a rifle into Monica's house. Monica was too scared to ask why.

"It's for self-defense. (Smiles)"

<br/>

**Isabelle Norton (18)**

Extremist Fan No. 2

A senior at Serendia Academy. Currently serving as the student council secretary.

Brought back a ton of Silent Witch cookies and wooden figurines as souvenirs from her visit. They were highly appreciated by the people of Kerbeck.

<br/>

**Agatha (21)**

Isabelle's maid.

A practitioner of traditional spear techniques. Skilled in personal combat.

<br/>

**Alan (21)**

Agatha's twin brother. Generally appears more composed than his sister, but secretly got excited when meeting the Silent Witch.

<br/>

**Hubert Dee (22)**

Recently appointed as the general handyman for Sechen Village. Delighted with his queen's neglect play.

Achieved exceptional grades at Minerva. Surprisingly diligent.

<br/>

**Norman (12)**

A boy with the talents of a mage. Probably has a knack for business as well.

<br/>

**Jeffery**

Son of the tavern owner. The hottest guy in the village. Secretly in love with Lyla.

<br/>

**Greg**

Mailman. Looks intimidating but loves children.

<br/>

**Lyla**

The sexiest woman in the village. Likes handsome men.

<br/>

**Gordon**

The blacksmith. Tried his hand at swordsmanship and spear techniques in his youth.

Also, the one who made the branding seal for the Silent Witch cookies.

<br/>

**Simon**

Village chief of Sechen Village. A woodcarver.

Plans to start a new village development project with the funds paid by Isabelle for the wooden figures.

