---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 68"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0068
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden5
chapter: 68
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 5: Two Witches in Love and Much Ado About Nothing"
---
<h2>[V5C10] Meanwhile</h2>

The mansion of Baron Maywood stood in a tranquil corner of a rural hilly region. It had an unobstructed view of the expansive hills populated with freely roaming sheep and cows.

The sheep go "bah" while grazing, the cows go "moo" as they munch on grass, and Lana Colette, in the tea room of the Baron's mansion, cries "ugh" while voraciously devouring scones.

"Ugh, Cliff, that idiot! How can he be so stupid! Ugh! Ugh!"

Seated across from Lana was Claudia Maywood, the wife of the eldest son of Baron Maywood, Neil. She sipped herbal tea while radiating a gloomy aura.

"...So, the overly excited rookie company president accidentally let the story slip in front of her secretary, who promptly made your friend aware of her romantic feelings..."

Muttering as she returned her teacup to the saucer, Claudia's face seemed to be saying how trivial it all was.

"...What a farce."

Lana, the one who unintentionally triggered this farce, wiped her mouth with a napkin and slumped wearily.

"I really, truly feel sorry for Monica... I can't believe Cliff actually went and said that..."

During the unveiling event for the new robes, Clifford made Monica aware of her romantic feelings. After that, Monica remained in a daze no matter what Lana said.

Ideally, Lana wanted to return to Sazandol to support Monica. However, she had other negotiations to attend to, so she couldn't go back with Monica.

After finishing those negotiations, Lana instructed Clifford to return to Sazandol as she visited Claudia at the Maywood mansion.

Lana needed to consult someone about Monica. However, Monica, along with everyone else around her, had extremely special backgrounds and circumstances. It wasn't something she could easily discuss with anyone.

Claudia was aware of the circumstances, and knowing her tight lips, she was also the perfect confidante.

"I mean, I always thought Monica should realize her feelings someday, you know? But not like this... Um... is there any sign that your brother is, you know, conscious of Monica?"

"...I wouldn't know that, having married into another family."

Claudia looked genuinely indifferent.

Unhappy with Claudia's nonchalant attitude, Lana pouted.

"Come on, don't you want to support Monica too?"

"...I couldn't care less about the romantic affairs of others. Rather than Onii-sama marrying some foolish woman who ruins House Highown, I suppose I'd prefer her despite her communication issues."

In that sense, the recent proposal involving Aurelia Harvey, the daughter of the Marquis Bersting, didn't seem bad in Claudia's eyes. Aurelia was said to be a talented and modest young lady.

Lana was hoping that Cyril might be conscious of Monica since his engagement with Aurelia fell through. Plus, she already knew that Monica's disciple also had feelings for her.

While she didn't intend to deny either of them, Lana wanted to cherish the feelings of her friend Monica.

"The engagement with Miss Aurelia was called off, right?"

"...More like it's being put on hold. The reasons have been kept vague, so various rumors are circulating."

Regarding the engagement, both Aurelia and Cyril simply said something like, "The other person is too good for me," and refused to disclose any further details.

Because of this, many couldn't help but speculate that there might be something going on between the two.

Lana crossed her arms and lost herself in thought.

Simply chatting with Claudia won't get her much useful information. In that case, she should focus on what she wants.

"What type of people has your brother dated so far?"

If Lana knew Cyril's preferred type, she could subtly advise Monica. Information about his hairstyle, makeup, or clothing preferences would be perfect. Those were Lana's areas of expertise.

...But Claudia, with a face that said she couldn't care less than talking about the weather, responded with a quiet mutter.

"...I wouldn't know. Ever since he got adopted, he's been doing nothing but non-stop studying."

"B-But, your brother is perfect at escorting women!"

Upon hearing Lana's objection, Claudia lifted the corner of her lips into the smile of a wicked witch.

"...Only at escorting. He can only follow the textbook, so he's the type to disappoint because he can't engage in clever conversation... Meanwhile, someone like Neil can be considerate all the time."

"The subject always keeps returning to him, huh. By the way, is your husband away today?"

Claudia's husband, Neil Clay Maywood, had been assisting his father's work as a mediator since graduating from Serendia Academy.

Since Lana didn't see him around the mansion today, she assumed that he was probably out on the job again.

Claudia slumped against the back of the chair, tilting over as if she was a puppet with her strings cut.

"...Neil is out, doing his job as a mediator... Moreover, he's currently working with that woman, Bridget Greyham, the diplomatic secretary. A reunion of former student council members, I can practically hear their lively conversation... Ah, it's unsettling."

"Your imagination is what's unsettling. If you're so worried about infidelity, why not just go with him?"

Lana knew that Claudia often accompanied Neil when he was away on business. When Lana visited the manor today, she found it strange that Claudia was staying at home without Neil.

Claudia muttered quietly while pinching the black hair that fell on her cheek.

"...It can't be helped. Neil said he didn't want to bring his pregnant wife."

"Oh, I guess if you're pregnant... Wait, what!?"

Lana stared at Claudia in surprise.

Claudia was as slender as ever, but the clothes she wore today had a loose design that didn't constrict her abdomen.

In response to Lana staring with her mouth agape, Claudia muttered quietly while stroking her belly.

"House Highown is a more unique lineage than you think. Those who inherit our blood carry troublesome connections... So, being a bit too cautious is just right."





