---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 13"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0013
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden1
chapter: 13
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 1: Autumn of Rising Peas"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett (19)**

The perpetually petite Silent Witch.

She seems to have grown to the size of a girl in her mid-teens recently.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker (22)**

The self-proclaimed disciple of the Silent Witch.

Although he goes by Felix and claims to be twenty, his actual age is twenty-two. Coincidentally, he is the same age as Hubert.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley (20)**

Currently acting as an assistant to his father, Marquis Highown, while studying to become the next Marquis.

Despite two years passing, he hasn't gained any muscles.

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg (21)**

The fifth Toilet Witch, or rather, the fifth Thorn Witch.

Scheduled to study abroad next year. Plans to make a hundred friends while studying abroad!

<br/>

**Melissa Roseberg (26)**

The shortest-serving member of the Seven Sages, the fourth Thorn Witch, and Raul's sister.

A master at potion-making, but she hasn't developed a potion to remove freckles or fix unruly hair.

When the third Thorn Witch passed away, Melissa did various things to push Raul aside and become one of the Seven Sages. However, Raul remains completely unaware.

Recently, it seems she found someone she likes.

<br/>

**Nero**

Monica's familiar.

Ate all of Isaac's pre-prepared meals in a single day when he left, saying, "It's not my fault. Blame Sparkles for making such delicious food."

<br/>

**Lana Colette (19)**

A young female company president. Seems to be facing some concerns recently.

---

Age is estimated based on birth year. Technically speaking, Monica is currently still eighteen since her birthday is in winter.
