---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 197"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0197
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden10
chapter: 197
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 10: Dragon Slayer Mage"
---
<h2>[V10C11] Looking for Stylish Codenames</h2>

"N-No! Don't jump—!"

Cyril grabbed firmly onto Ryn, who tilted her head in confusion. However, it seemed Cyril failed to notice this, as began speaking in a panicked tone.

"For someone as young as yourself to consider jumping, you must have experienced something awful, but, um... I-I'll hear you out! Tell me about your troubles and I promise to do everything in my power to help you! So please, just slowly back away from the window..."

"..."

Now Ryn understood. Cyril had apparently witnessed her trying to fly out the window, which led him to believe that she intended to fall to her death.

They were on the fourth floor of the palace, so an ordinary person falling from this height would experience severe injury or loss of life.

"I assure you that I am not contemplating suicide whatsoever."

"...?"

Cyril raised an eyebrow, though he did not let go of Ryn's waist. Perhaps he suspected that Ryn might jump out the window the moment he let go.

Ryn pondered her options for a moment. She could easily solve the misunderstanding by revealing that she was a wind spirit and capable of flight. However, Louis had told her not to reveal her identity unless absolutely necessary.

In which case, she needed to convince Cyril that was not an attempted suicide, while pretending to be a human.

Ryn stared right into the eyes of the pale and anxious Cyril, because looking people in the eyes was an effective way of conveying sincerity. She had learned this from a book she read.

Cyril seemed slightly taken aback by Ryn's unblinking stare, but Ryn began her argument regardless.

"Please keep what I am about to say confidential."

"Y-Yes, of course, I swear to keep everything to myself," Cyril replied.

"The truth is, I am not your average cute maid."

"...Huh?"

Cyril widened his eyes.

Ryn nodded with her usual expressionless face and continued... 

"I am a member of a top-secret unit serving the royal family in covert operations. Many know me as 'Ryn of the Swift Wind.'"

As a side note, this was a setting from a novel that Ryn had recently read.

"Since I have undergone special training, falling from this height will not harm me in the slightest."

"W-What? I've never heard of such an organization..."

"That is entirely understandable."

After all, it didn't actually exist. But of course, Ryn wasn't going to say that part.

Cyril seemed a bit surprised, but ultimately ended up believing Ryn's lie.

"Do you understand now?" Ryn asked.

Cyril gave a slightly awkward nod in response. Only then did he realize that he was still holding onto Ryn's waist, blushing all the way to his ears as he hastily moved away.

"I-I'm very sorry for jumping to conclusions and inappropriately touching a lady such as yourself..."

"There is no need to worry."

Cyril's blushed face soon returned to its normal color. Once he finally regained his senses, he raised an eyebrow in suspicion, gazing intently at Ryn's face.

This caused Ryn to tilt her head vigorously to the side.

"Is there something on my face?" Ryn asked.

"N-No... it's just..."

Cyril stammered for a moment, then, resolving himself, asked Ryn about his suspicions.

"Could it be that you have a brother in Rainfield with a close resemblance to you?"

Ryn did have a younger brother in the constantly raging Rubelmeria. He was born from the same spring storm as Ryn, and had a somewhat similar appearance, though not similar enough to be called a twin.

"Yes, I have a younger brother."

"...!"

With his suspicions confirmed, Cyril widened his eyes and began choosing his next words carefully. Apparently, he wanted to ask something related to Rubelmeria.

Ryn stood there and waited for a few seconds, until Cyril drooped his head and mumbled out a question.

"Is your younger brother... close to the Silent Witch... Mage Countess Everett in some manner?"

Ryn remained expressionless, tilting her head in the opposite direction from before.

Rubelmeria and the Silent Witch had only met a few days ago during the festival in Rainfield. Moreover, Ryn had been accompanying Monica almost the entire time, so she knew that they hardly interacted outside of the short conversation about Carla.

"They are not particularly close."

"...Eh?"

Ryn's firm statement caused Cyril to look up with a start.

"Um, so your brother... does not have any r-romantic involvement with Mage Countess Everett...?"

"I can say with confidence that he does not. My brother has no interest in human women, and, above all, he has no intention of leaving Rainfield."

Rubelmeria might consider leaving Rainfield if he formed a contract with a human, but he currently showed little interest in humans or the outside world as a whole.

"How on earth did such a misunderstanding occur?" Ryn asked.

Needless to say, she was completely responsible for causing the misunderstanding, in the name of artistic expression.

Cyril breathed a sigh of relief, and his tense expression softened considerably.

"I see, so it was just a misunderstanding... Um, I apologize for the repeated questions, but is it possible that your brother might have one-sided feelings for Mage Countess Everett...?"

"That is not the case, I assure you. Are you not speaking about yourself?"

At that moment, Cyril's face lost all expression. He froze with his lips half-open, and not a sound or even a breath could be heard.

Ryn pondered if he required resuscitation, until Cyril finally started moving again, performing an incredibly stiff bow.

"I apologize for taking so much of your time, Ryn-dono of the Swift Wind."

Cyril promptly turned his back on Ryn and quickly walked away.

While watching him retreat, moving his right arm and right leg at the same time, Ryn internally expressed a hint of regret.

—— "*Perhaps I should have chosen a more elaborate codename.*"

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Monica ran through the halls of the palace with her robe fluttering behind her. If her usual style of running could be called clumsy, then this was more like a desperate scramble.

(Waaah! Cyril-sama, Thule, where are youuuuu!?)

She needed to get Thule out of the palace as soon as possible, else he would be discovered by the Dragon Slayer Mage's magical device.

Raul had mentioned seeing Cyril in the central courtyard, but that was already an incredibly large area to search. Moreover, there was always the possibility that Cyril had moved to another location.

(What do I do, what do I do, what do I do...?! If they find out Thule's true identity, Cyril-sama is doomed...!)

Monica darted out of the covered corridor connecting different branches of the palace, anxiously scanning the courtyard. There was no sign of Cyril or Thule.

As she pondered her next move, she heard a calm voice from behind.

"Is there something troubling you, Lady Everett?"

This was a voice she recognized well. The number of times she had heard him in the past year was probably second only to Nero.

Monica turned around energetically to find a tall young man in an apron... or rather, an extravagant coat suitable for royalty.

"Oh, Ik... Y-Your Highness."

She had grown accustomed to calling him Ike, so it took a moment for Monica to remember his title.

Isaac put on an elegant smile, seemingly aware of Monica's flustered state.

"Is there anything I can help you with, milady?"

Monica checked the surroundings. There was no one visible in the immediate vicinity, but the palace was packed with people, so they needed to be cautious.

From Monica's attitude, Isaac sensed that this was a conversation that needed to be kept secret.

"This way."

Isaac took Monica's hand and led her into a nearby room.

Despite being allowed into the palace as one of the Seven Sages, Monica had only the bare minimum knowledge of the palace's layout. On the other hand, Isaac seemed to know which rooms were best suited for confidential conversations.

Isaac closed the door and whispered softly into Monica's ear.

"How may I be of assistance to you, Master?"

As usual, Isaac was the ever reliable disciple. Being a prince and all, he was also one of the greatest allies she could get in the palace.

"T-This is really bad! Cyril-sama is...!"

"Cyril?"

Monica calmed herself down and began organizing what she needed to convey.

"The Dragon Slayer Mage has a magical tool for locating dragons and, um, Cyril-sama is here in the palace with Thule..."

That was enough for the sharp disciple to grasp the severity of the situation. Isaac quickly tightened his expression and asked for the necessary details.

"What is the effective range of that device?"

"He said it reaches the courtyard."

"Understood. I'll stall for time, so you search the west wing."

The west wing? How could Isaac assert that Cyril was in the west wing so confidently?

Noticing Monica's puzzled expression, Isaac explained with a smile.

"If Cyril is here, it's most likely for the social gathering of the Library Society. They and Queen Firis are holding one this afternoon on the fourth floor of the west wing. Given Cyril's personality, he will probably be waiting nearby until it starts. That means he's likely to be in the garden adjacent to the west wing, or possibly the break rooms on the third or fourth floor."

(My disciple is too good for me...!)

Impressed by Isaac's knowledge of both the palace and Cyril's personality, Monica gave him a look of admiration.

"Um, by the way, how are you planning to stall for time...?"

Isaac put on a slightly different smile this time. It definitely appeared to be a smile, but he also seemed to be contemplating something.

"I still need to introduce myself to the newest member of the Seven Sages."



