---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 163"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0163
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden9
chapter: 163
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 9: Resounding Song of the Spirits"
---
<h2>[V9C7] Caring, Older, Elegant</h2>

Upon arriving at Elliott's mansion, Monica went into the guest room and changed into her Sage robes. Then, she took Ryn, who had changed into her usual maid outfit, and headed to the designated parlor.

Ryn mentioned something about being enthusiastic to perform her duty as a maid, but Monica only found her enthusiasm frightening.

They entered the parlor to find Elliott already seated on the sofa, reviewing various documents. His expression was stern, with deep furrows on his forehead. After muttering, "Those damn priests..." he noticed Monica and gestured towards the sofa.

"Have a seat. We'll be heading to the temple for introductions, but first, let me explain the flow of the festival."

"O-Okay... Um, where is Mordin-sama?"

"I dumped him in the piano room. Most people say that musicians should take a break from music when they fall into a slump, but Benjamin will wither away if he doesn't have an instrument nearby."

Elliott seemed to think that Benjamin would eventually recover as long as he had an instrument. His rough treatment of the musician was likely a sign of their long friendship.

Monica placed her staff at her feet and sat opposite Elliott, leaving Ryn to stand behind her. Elliott cast the maid a disdainful look, but quickly returned his gaze to the documents.

"The starting ceremony for the Festival of Hymns will be held at noon, five days from now. After that, it's pretty much like any other festival. The lord supplies food and drink, and the townspeople express their gratitude through song and dance. Your magical dedication will also happen during the starting ceremony. I've summarized the procedures on this document."

Monica glanced through the sheet of paper handed to her by Elliott. It succinctly detailed the festival's origin, the flow of the ceremony, and the people who would be attending.

Apparently, the forest near Rainfield supplied a special type of wood that was very suitable for crafting musical instruments, so it was only natural that the town became famous for its instruments and music industry.

However, there was one major problem. The forest had a high mana concentration, making it a possible habitat for magical creatures like dragons. The citizens of Rainfield had to constantly live in fear of these threats.

They constantly sang songs expressing their sorrow, which eventually reached the ears of Shefield, the Spirit King of Wind. Thus, the great Spirit King sent a powerful spirit known as the 'Envoy' to protect Rainfield from dragons and other magical creatures.

Ever since then, the people of Rainfield began holding festivals to express their gratitude to the Spirit King of Wind and his Envoy. This was how the Festival of Hymns came to be.

Monica already knew most of this since she had performed a bit of independent research after accepting the magical dedication. However, there was one thing that didn't make sense to her.

"Um, Howard-sama..."

"What is it?"

"Why is the festival only held once every ten years?"

Festivals for expressing gratitude to the Spirit Kings were not uncommon in Ridill. The unusual part was that most of them were held on an annual basis. Monica could not help but wonder why this one in particular was so different.

"So, um, is there a special reason...? Like the alignment of the stars or the lunar calendar?"

Elliott groaned and lowered his head. Perhaps this was a subject he didn't want to talk about.

As Monica began to regret asking the question, Elliott finally explained in a bitter tone.

"Well, the hymn dedication part of the festival is done annually. It's only the actual celebration that happens once every ten years. Budget issues play a part in that, of course, but the main problem is..."

Elliott curled his lips into a wry smile and hesitated for a moment, before continuing in a mutter.

"The temple was found to be embezzling the festival funds. Once the previous lord discovered that, he had little choice but to shrink the festival year after year, until it eventually turned into a once per decade event."

"Um, so, that means... the temple..."

"No doubt they have a grudge against the previous lord. And now that I inherited his seat, that grudge is mine to bear."

Elliott scoffed and put on a sarcastic smile.

Apparently, the elderly priests of the temple were not simply looking down on Elliott for his youth. They had a strained relationship with the lord to begin with.

The embezzlement of funds was undoubtedly a crime on the temple's part. However, the temple shifted the blame to the previous lord, accusing him of not providing enough funds to begin with.

It was in the midst of that conflict that Elliott became the next lord, allowing him no time to mend the damaged relationship.

"Honestly, I think we could just demolish that ancient temple without issue. The Spirit King of Wind has never been very popular, the music industry of this town can thrive even without the Festival of Hymns."

Monica let out a gasp and discretely glanced at Ryn behind her, trying to move her neck as little as possible.

Ryn was simply maintaining her usually expressionless face, making it impossible to discern her thoughts. That said, there's no way she would be pleased to hear someone insulting the Spirit King of Wind.

Thus, Monica hastily interjected to mediate.

"Well, um, but if you destroy the temple, uh... wouldn't the spirit they call the Envoy get mad...?"

"I doubt this 'Envoy' even exists to begin with. Some of the older priests claim to have seen it, but I've never spotted a spirit in that forest."

"But, um, hasn't Rainfield been protected by wind spirits in the past?"

The Festival of Hymns originated as a celebration to express gratitude towards the spirits who protected the town. Monica thought that such traditions should be maintained, but it seemed Elliott felt otherwise.

"Yeah, but that was a different era. Dragons and monsters and whatever might have been creeping around back then, but not anymore. You'll hardly ever see a dragon around here. Rainfield no longer needs the protection of the spirits."

Elliott looked back to the documents with an indifferent gaze. It was his job as the lord to make the festival a success, but he clearly had no personal attachment to it.

"If you ask me, we don't need a festival that only serves to funnel more money into the temple. Frankly, that temple is unneeded too. We have a church dedicated to the Spirit God in town; that should be enough."

Of course, an inexperienced lord like himself could not possibly make such drastic changes. Elliott clearly understood this, as his muttered words carried a hint of sarcasm and self-deprecation.

"Even so, I have to make this festival a success... for the sake of the Howard family."

At that moment, the door was dramatically slammed open. Benjamin charged into the room looking completely different from earlier.

Monica and Elliott were stunned silent by the sudden intrusion. Only Ryn remained unfazed, turning her head slightly to look at Benjamin.

With outstretched arms and disheveled auburn hair, Benjamin began shouting.

"Oh, Elliott! Elliott! I heard from one of the servants that your engagement has been called off! You must be heartbroken! What kind of friend would I be if I didn't sympathize with this tragedy! I know, I'll play you a comforting tune in the piano room! Everyone, gather around! I should be able to play the piano now, no, I'm sure of it!"

At the mention of his heartbreak, Elliott widened his eyes.

"H-Hey! Did you have to shout it out...?"

"I knew your family was in dire straits due to supporting the Second Prince Faction, but I never thought it was bad enough to cause a canceled engagement! Elliott, there are only two remedies that work on heartbreak: music and new love!"

Benjamin began a long and wordy speech in a very loud voice, all while vigorously slapping Elliott's shoulders.

Meanwhile, Elliott trembled in fury while letting out a growl.

"I'm not actually heartbroken! That engagement was just something my parents decided; I don't care one bit about it!"

"Do not lie to me, Elliott! She was the caring, older, and elegant type! That is the epitome of your ideal woman!"

A muffled groan escaped Elliott's mouth.

The sight of him bent over, holding his chest, caused Monica to let out a mumbled question.

"S-So, um, the Second Prince Faction is in trouble because of...?"

The reason was self-evident.

Because the Second Prince, Felix Arc Ridill, had renounced his right to the throne.

And it was none other than Monica who had made it that way.

(Howard-sama's family troubles are partially my fault...)

Monica went pale at the thought. However, the slouched Elliott quickly regained his composure and scoffed, glaring back at her.

"This has nothing to do with you. Standings can easily change with the times... That's just how the nobility works."

Behind Elliott's arrogance lied the determination of a man born into nobility.

Monica held the noble title of Mage Countess, but her way of thinking differed greatly from those who were actually born as a noble. This was something that she had been reminded of many times.

As Monica swallowed her further words, Ryn interjected while nodding.

"I see. Perhaps the lady was simply not a fan of your droopy eyes. That is a unique trait, you know. There's no need to fret about it."

"Who said I was fretting?!"

"I've read a book that says cutting one's hair is a good one to overcome heartbreak. If you ever feel like doing so, please let me know. I'll make sure to give you a stylish haircut."

Elliott glared back with a menacing look, but Ryn did not so much as flinch. After placing a hand on her chest, the maid continued in a calm, soothing tone.

"By the way, I am also the caring, older, and elegant type. Unfortunately though, I already have someone else in my heart."

"Please, someone shut this old hag up!"

As Monica could do little but stare at Ryn in shock, the maid nodded with a knowing expression.

"Very well, I shall remain silent while brainstorming a hundred comforting praises for you, Elliott-bocchama."



