---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 43"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0043
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden4
chapter: 43
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 4: Struggles of the Young President"
---
<h2>[V4C1] A Man in Antique Attire</h2>

A few days before Lana Colette opened her trading company in Sazandol, a man visited her office.

His name was Clifford Anderson.

Clifford was the son of a business partner of Lana's father, and four years older than her. They had played together as children, making him what could be called a childhood friend.

"Long time no see, Lana."

Clifford's words were matter-of-fact, lacking any hint of nostalgia for their reunion after several years. Nevertheless, Lana was accustomed to the casual tone of her childhood friend, so she didn't comment on that aspect.

Instead, she had a plethora of other things she wanted to delve into.

First, his wild and untamed long black hair that looked like it hadn't seen a comb in days.

Second, his outdated shirt with a high collar. She found herself getting curious where in the world he actually bought such a relic.

Third, his unkempt stubble that was devoid of any sense of style or grooming.

Fourth, his huge and extremely tacky glasses that easily outclassed Bernie Jones in Lana's mental "Dorky Glasses Competition."

And finally...

"Let's get married."

Fifth, this absurd declaration.

Suppressing her immediate urge to shout, Lana calmly spoke with an adult-like composure.

"...I'm afraid I cannot comprehend the meaning of what you just said, sir."

Lana put on a graceful smile, displaying the perfect manners of a grown woman.

In response, Clifford stared intently at Lana with his gray eyes behind the glasses and continued.

"Even though I chose the most orthodox and straightforward proposal in existence, you still don't understand me. Lana, you're as stupid as ever."

"W-What!?"

With a vein bulging on her forehead, Lana discarded all of her composure. She slammed the table in front of her with the palm of her hand.

"Why in the world would I marry you?! And what's with your hair, clothes, beard, and glasses!? Hurry up and do something about those!"

Lana exploded and pointed out everything that was bothering her. Meanwhile, Clifford simply responded in an indifferent tone.

"Allow me to answer your question of why we must get married. Because we made a promise. Period."

Lana felt the urge to tear at her hair. Indeed, Clifford had said, "Let's get married when we grow up," during their childhood. However, that was nothing more than playful banter between children.

She wanted to yell. She really wanted to yell, but she was the president of a trading company. Turning emotional and lashing out would be unbecoming.

Lana desperately tried to calm herself, brushing her hair up with a feigned aloof expression.

"Please leave. I'm busy preparing for the grand opening of my company."

"Here."

Clifford took out a letter from his pocket and handed it to Lana.

After giving the letter a suspicious glance, Lana widened her eyes when she saw the writing on the envelope. The sender was none other than Lana's father.

<br/>

*Dear Lana,*

*How are you? I hope you haven't caught a cold or anything. Are you working hard on the preparations for the trading company?*

*Sazandol has some dangerous areas. I'm so worried about you that I can't sleep at night.*

*When I mentioned this at a gathering of merchants, guess what! Clifford-kun from the Anderson Company, who recently returned from studying abroad, offered to be your secretary!*

*I heard Clifford-kun studied economics at a university in Alpatra. I'm sure he'll make himself useful.*

*Above all, you've been so close to Clifford-kun since childhood. He will surely be a source of strength.*

*Best of luck in establishing your company. Both Mama and Papa are cheering for you.*

*With love for my daughter.*

*From Papa*

<br/>

Lana froze with her hands still clutching the letter, and Clifford continued in a monotone voice.

"There you have it. I'm your secretary, starting today. Also, let's get married."

"Don't propose casually like it's part of the deal! Ugh, really... Father... why did you have to send Cliff of all people..."

Leaning against the back of her chair, Lana sighed while gazing at the ceiling.

She had no intention of marrying her childhood friend, especially not one dressed in such an absurd manner... However, when it came to the secretary position, Lana couldn't reject her father's goodwill.

Moreover, Clifford's family ran the Anderson Company, a major merchant in Lana's hometown, rivaling that of the Colette Company. They had received a great deal of support from the Andersons.

"...Fine, it's Father's introduction, after all. I'll accept you as a secretary... but I decline the marriage proposal."

"Breach of contract."

"It was a child's promise... Moving on!"

Lana withdrew her weary expression and pointed her finger straight at Clifford.

"If you're going to be my secretary, do something about that lack of cleanliness first! Comb your hair! Shave your beard! As for the glasses... Fine, you can keep those for now. But at least fix those clothes. What's with that high collar shirt? Where did you even find such a thing...?"

"An antique shop."

Clifford's response made Lana stagger from dizziness and nearly fell over.

Certainly it was outdated, but she never expected it to be an actual antique!

"...How about you go to an actual clothing store, and get something more presentable."

"Okay. Lana, you pick."

Lana let out a deep sigh. She had given up on scolding her impudent and shameless childhood friend.

——This incident occurred about six months ago, right before Monica Everett settled in Sazandol.



