---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 122"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0122
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 122
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[V7C25] Divine Eye</h2>

On a sunny day one month before Princess Cecilia came to Ridill, Karina Barr was visiting the workshop of Helmfried Kollwitz. Upon her arrival, she found the master of the workshop performing a dance with a face devoid of emotion.

To tell the truth, whether his movements could be called a dance was debatable. He was simply stomping his feet and alternately thrusting his fists into the sky. This looked like a dance in Karina's eyes, and indeed, Kollwitz was expressing joy with his entire body.

Kollwitz was a thin and tall man who had reached 40 this year. His gray steel-colored hair was loosely tied so that it reached his back, and his sharp features were covered with round glasses.

Judging by his slender work outfit and the thread scraps scattered all over the room, he had likely been busy at work until a few moments ago.

A marvelous piece of lace, as white as snow, was spread out on the worktable in front of Kollwitz. Upon closer inspection, the delicate and beautiful floral pattern revealed magical symbols woven into each and every petal.

"Waha! Did you just complete a new piece of lace? Show me, show me, show me!"

Karina approached the worktable with innocent curiosity, but Kollwitz suddenly canceled his dance and shouted back with bloodshot eyes.

"Don't sully my darling Adelheid with your dirty hands!"

Karina shivered like a scolded cat and quickly raised both hands in surrender.

"I know, I won't touch. Just give me a quick peak. Oh, Kollwitz-san, you named it again?"

"What's wrong with naming a daughter I created with all my heart?"

Kollwitz was renowned as a genius in the field of lacecraft and embroidery, unparalleled throughout the entirety of the Empire. However, he had the habit of doting over his creations, referring to them as his daughters.

This love sometimes went too far, causing him to detest parting with his works. If one was handled even a little carelessly, he would scold the culprit until their spirit was broken.

One story spoke of a lover of the late emperor who mishandled Kollwitz's lace. The enraged Kollwitz reportedly stormed right into her residence and unleashed a storm of verbal abuse.

As a result, he incurred the late emperor's anger and was imprisoned. This was truly a man with an extraordinary history.

Although Karina was also an artisan, she did not feel much attachment or obsession towards the things she created. To put it bluntly, she didn't care much about how her creations were used, though of course, seeing them cherished made her a bit happy.

This was a point where Karina and Kollwitz found it difficult to understand each other.

"So your Adelheid-chan is the one getting gifted to Ridill?"

"No, I have already delivered Virginia. I will make Adelheid a stole for Princess Cecilia."

Kollwitz gazed over Adelheid, the lace on his worktable, and sighed with ecstasy.

"There is no woman in this country who suits lace as well as Princess Cecilia. The delicate and lovely Adelheid is a perfect fit for the pure-hearted Silver Moon Princess. Adelheid would surely be delighted to marry Princess Cecilia."

Kollwitz referred to the act of presenting his lace as "marriage". His love for lace truly knew no bounds.

Also, he was a huge fan of Princess Cecilia. Apparently, new lace designs popped into his mind whenever he looked at her.

Above all, Cecilia always treated Kollwitz's lace with great care. No doubt he found that delightful.

"You're right, this would suit Princess Cecilia. Man, it's so cute!"

"Hoh, I see the flower patterns turn into fairy wings upon closer inspection. Wonderful craftsmanship. You have my compliments."

A voice came from directly behind the two. Despite being only a little louder than a mutter, it carried a weight that resounded in their ears.

Karina jumped like a startled cat, turning around to see a black-haired man standing with his arms crossed, grinning.

Despite being moderately dressed for an incognito excursion, his clothes did nothing to hide his overwhelming aura. Anyone would recognize him as Leonhart, the Black Lion Emperor.

Immediately after noticing his presence, Karina quickly exchanged glances with Kollwitz. Now was the time to showcase the results of their practice.

After Kollwitz gave a slight in response, Karina swiftly positioned herself in front of him. She fanned out her legs to a bit longer than shoulder-width, then pointed her right hand toward the ceiling.

"Holding the red furnace aloft, the pinnacle of craftsmanship!"

From his position behind Karina, Kollwitz held his right hand against his glasses and stretched his left hand far to the side.

"Illuminating the future of the Empire, the four stars of red!"

Karina lowered her raised hand to eye-level, peeking through her open fingers. Meanwhile, Kollwitz crossed both arms in front of his body.

"Barr of the Divine Eye!"

"Kollwitz of the Fairy Fingers!"

After naming themselves, the two synchronized their voices for the final line.

"We are the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans!"

A disciple of Kollwitz, who happened to be taking out the trash, quietly averted his gaze. He quietly tiptoed past the room pretending that nothing had happened.

Meanwhile, Emperor Leonhart nodded with deep satisfaction from the bottom of his heart.

"A powerful self-introduction, and I see your movements have grown much sharper. However, I assume that pose is intended for when all four are together? The balance seems off with just the two of you."

In response to Emperor Leonhart's observation, Kollwitz gave an earnest bow.

"My apologies, Your Majesty. I will consider a presentation that can be adjusted to the number of participants."

"Hey, Kollwitz-san. How about this? What if, at the beginning, I move my hand to the right instead of up? Wouldn't that look nice and symmetrical?"

"No, the lengths of our arms are far too different, making it unbalanced. Perhaps we should utilize the height difference, with me on top and you on bottom. That would create a vertical silhouette instead."

"Oh, oh, I know! What about props? There are still so many people who don't know the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans, right? So, to make it clear that we're a group of technicians, wouldn't it be nice to bring out some tools or spools of thread, something like that?"

"A brilliant idea. Let us begin the prop selection immediately."

"I want a chisel~! Wouldn't it look super cool if I held a few chisels between my fingers?"

"Just make sure not to drop them on my feet."

These two were members of the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans. Despite the violent-sounding name, they were essentially a group of technicians serving directly under the Emperor.

In fact, the unfitting name was the subject of much debate between Emperor Leonhart and his close aides. Ultimately, the Emperor had approved the name with a single comment: "Sounds powerful!"

Why he sought power for his technicians puzzled many, but Karina was very satisfied with the cool-sounding name.

The Emperor had also ordered them to prepare suitable poses and catchphrases, and again, Karina approached the task with great enthusiasm since it seemed really cool.

As one might expect, the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans consisted of four people, so there were two other members besides Karina and Kollwitz.

The surprisingly good-natured Kollwitz had brainstormed poses with Karina wholeheartedly, but the other two were not so fond of this kind of thing.

"By the way, Kollwitz, the Virginia you created was truly splendid. I commend you for your work."

"Your gracious words are deeply appreciated, Your Majesty."

Kollwitz had been imprisoned during the previous emperor's reign, until Emperor Leonhart freed him and granted him the honor of serving as a direct subordinate. As a result, Kollwitz devoted all of his loyalty to the Black Lion Emperor.

"I wove Virginia under the assumption of being used for Princess Cecilia's wedding. She not only enhances the wearer's beauty but also incorporates the highest-level defensive barrier I can create, preventing any villain from harming the dear princess. It is also a masterpiece designed to prioritize the happiness and comfort of the bride, allowing her to spend the wedding ceremony comfortably even in scorching heat or bitter cold."

Karina found the concept of a bride's veil incorporating the highest-level defensive barrier quite incomprehensible, but geniuses often exhibited mysterious obsessions that others were unable to understand.

"Hmm, it is a shame that we must give such a masterpiece to Ridill."

"Regarding that, Your Majesty, I would like to accompany Virginia's transport to the treasure vault as lace manager. If my daughter were to be handled carelessly by some scoundrel, I would undoubtedly strangle them to death."

In response to Kollwitz's request, Emperor Leonhart curled his lips into a frown.

"It would indeed be best for you to go personally... But what about your deadlines? You already have your next job lined up."

"True..."

Kollwitz had many disciples, so his presence was required to supervise their work. As a result, he would be unable to leave the country for several weeks at a time.

In that case, they could have one of Kollwitz's trusted disciples accompany Virginia instead. That was what Karina thought, but Emperor Leonhart apparently came up with a different plan, a mischievous glint visible in his eyes.

Putting on a ferocious smile that contained a hint of amusement, Emperor Leonhart turned to Karina.

"Karina. You are currently free, yes?"

Indeed, Karina had just finished making a replica of the Mirror of Bern. She was simply indulging in her hobby of wood carving while waiting for her next job.

She had recently gotten into carving extremely small magical symbols onto thin slabs of wood.

Karina straightened her posture to listen to Emperor Leonhart's orders.

"Karina Barr of the Divine Eye. I command you in the name of the Black Lion. Transport the Kollwitz Lace into Ridill's treasure vault, and while you are there... Witness Ridill's treasures with your own eyes and reproduce them!"

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Before being recruited into the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans, Karina Barr had been working as a counterfeit artisan in a certain workshop in the Empire.

The workshop master had allowed Karina to work despite her gender, so Karina owed him a debt of gratitude. She was content simply receiving work, so she made everything the master instructed her to.

Her clients included high-ranking individuals from the Empire, as well as a few foreigners.

Karina was requested to make replica decorations, artworks, sculptures, etc... but she never considered what they would be used for. Her only interest was in crafting things that left her satisfied, having little interest in the purpose of her creations.

Several years passed, and one day, Karina was arrested for the crime of selling counterfeit goods.

Karina had only created what was asked of her, and it was the workshop master who had sold everything. However, all the crimes were attributed to Karina.

Karina only thought to herself, *I guess he was tricking me. Oh well, it happens*. She felt no anger at the workshop master. In all honesty, being able to craft to her heart's content was no less than a blessing.

"I heard you were the one who made this."

A young man suddenly entered the interrogation room, holding a ruby brooch in front of Karina. Given his splendid clothes and grandiose posture, he was clearly a noble.

Seated in the small chair of the interrogation room, Karina swung her legs and nodded at the brooch.

"Yeah, I made that one."

"It is incredibly well done. I never thought anyone would think to reproduce even this inconspicuous scratch."

"Waha, you noticed that? I know right, recreating the age of the scratch was a bit of a struggle!"

The soldier standing guard attempted to silence Karina's disrespectful chatter, but the young man waved him off.

"No matter."

"But..."

"Do not make me repeat myself. I said leave it."

Having silenced the soldier, the man focused his gaze on Karina. His eyes were captivating and powerful.

"Counterfeit artisan, Karina Barr. According to the interrogation, you claim to accurately reproduce most items after seeing them just once."

"Yep. I usually never forget patterns, colors, or shapes once I've seen them. Waha, but I do forget what people tell me a lot. The workshop master scolded me so many times for forgetting deadlines..."

The man silently listened to Karina's chatter, seemingly somewhat amused.

"By the way, Karina Barr, do you know what this brooch is?"

"Nah, no idea. I was never interested."

Her interests had always lay in the color, shape, and design of the brooch——things like its origin or monetary value didn't concern her much.

Hearing Karina's nonchalant response, the man let out a chuckle.

"This is one heirloom of the Kreving family, sold during the reign of the former emperor. The scratch here was inflicted by my childhood mischief."

Kreving. This was a name so famous that even Karina, a girl ignorant of most societal affairs, had heard of it.

Moreover, there was likely only one man in the entire Empire who would know the origin of that scratch.

"Karina Barr. I, the Black Lion Emperor, hereby bestow upon you the title of Divine Eye. Pledge your eyes and skills to my service."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Inside Ridill's treasure vault, Karina set up the glass case for the Kollwitz Lace exhibition with sparkling eyes.

(Waha! This is just so incredible! Everything is so amazing!)

The kingdom's national treasures were on display in the dimly lit exhibition room.

There was no way Karina could make out the engraved magical symbols without a close look, so she focused on burning the designs into her eyes instead.

She would have to observe the back and inner surfaces to make a proper counterfeit, but that would be asking for a luxury.

(But I want to see more. More, more, more!)

Fortunately, the vault manager and accompanying soldiers did not reprimand her for the repeated glances. If anything, they were watching her excitement with gentle eyes.

In that sense, it could be said that the Black Lion Emperor's choice of personnel was spot on. Karina Barr may be a top-notch technician, but she was also gullible and a bit absent-minded.

The Black Lion Emperor had once said, "You are the scatterbrained genius girl of our country," or something like that.

Karina wondered if these 'scatterbrained genius girls' like her existed in other countries. If so, she wanted to become friends with them.

Having grown up in an environment full of craftsmen, she didn't have many opportunities to befriend girls her age.

(His Majesty warned me, '*Since you're a klutz, stay quiet and try to act like an inconspicuous maid.*' But so far, my mission is going perfectly, right? Yeah, everything has been smooth.)

Apparently, Ridill had very impressive mages known as the Seven Sages. The Black Lion Emperor had warned her to watch out for them.

According to him:

"*I'll remove the clever Barrier Mage from security and assign an easier guard to Cecilia. Still, you had best stay on your toes. Avoid any interaction with the Seven Sages.*"

(Uh, what was her title again...? Quiet Witch? Witch of Silence? Well, whatever. I haven't seen her at all, so His Majesty was probably just worrying about nothing.)

After carefully spreading the Kollwitz Lace in the glass case, Karina rechecked the magical symbols engraved on the glass case.

"Alright, perfect. Now I just have to make sure this case isn't interfering with the other magical tools nearby."

After explaining out loud, Karina began to thoroughly examine the nearby exhibits. This was her final chance to burn the treasures of this vault into her eyes.

Karina turned her attention to the cases on the other side of the Kollwitz Lace, eyes sparkling at the treasures displayed before her.

(T-This is an ancient artifact! Whoa, whoa, whoa!)

The Kingdom of Ridill boasted seven ancient artifacts, and two were stored in this very vault. Namely, the "Treasured Sunblade Atlas" and the "Gluttonous Zoe".

The Treasured Sunblade Atlas was a surprisingly simple and unadorned sword, contrary to its name. Nevertheless, it had a weight that conveyed the gravity of its history.

The main decoration was a single diamond embedded in the hilt. This gem was engraved with complex magical symbols that could not be replicated using modern magic.

Karina felt a bit disappointed that she couldn't examine it under a magnifying glass, before turning her attention to the adjacent case.

The other ancient artifact, Gluttonous Zoe, was a jeweled box. It looked like a jet-black box about the size of her palm, adorned with various gemstones.

(...Huh?)

Noticing something off, Karina furrowed her brows in doubt.

Although the Treasured Sunblade Atlas had a plain design, it was unmistakably a genuine artifact. But on the other hand...

(I wonder why they didn't put the real Gluttonous Zoe here.)



