---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 120"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0120
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 120
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[V7C23] Reward for the Avenger</h2>

After catching Cecilia's fall with wind magic, Monica ran up the stairs searching for the assailant responsible for cornering her.

Upon arriving at the corridor of the top floor, Monica stood dumbfounded. She had found the Dream Mage, Casper Hutter, lying upside down on the floor with heavy nose bleeding. All four of his limbs were bound, and a gag had been placed in his mouth.

"W-What happened here...? L-Louis-san...?"

Monica anxiously called out the name of her colleague, but received no response. After letting out a soft whimper, Monica tried to grasp the situation.

There were two conceivable scenarios:

First, the culprit who attacked Cecilia also assaulted the Dream Mage before fleeing, and Louis had followed in pursuit.

Second, the Dream Mage was the culprit responsible for attacking Cecilia, and Louis had defeated him. Considering how the Dream Mage was so heavily restrained, this possibility seemed more likely. Assuming the Dream Mage was innocent, the culprit would have little reason to spare his life.

(...But then, why isn't Louis-san here...?)

Monica could easily imagine Louis already standing at the scene, saying something along the lines of, "Oh hello, my fellow sage, I see you have arrived fashionably late."

(Maybe there was an accomplice, and Louis chased after them...?)

Monica earnestly pondered the reason for Louis's absence. Unfortunately, the fact that her colleague fled the scene to avoid being seen in women's clothing was beyond her wildest imagination.

While pondering Louis's whereabouts, Monica also leaned out from the balcony to peek into the garden below. Lionel and Cecilia seemed to be engaged in a conversation.

Should she run over to them? Or perhaps she would be better suited keeping an eye on the Dream Mage to ensure he doesn't escape?

As Monica pondered her next action for a while, she heard footsteps coming from behind. Turning around, she found a blond knight from the Imperial Guard approaching her. She remembered meeting him before. His name was...

"Ah, it's the Silent Witch, Monica Everett-chan, 19 years old," the man said.

"...Um?"

"Oh dear, my sincerest apologies. It seems I was still in off-duty mode."

The knight cleared his throat and gave Monica a bow.

"I am Einhard Berger of the Imperial Guard. On behalf of the Empire, I offer you my deepest gratitude for saving Princess Cecilia."

"Y-You are too kind..."

Monica returned a curtsy, as Einhard squatted next to the fallen Dream Mage, checking his injuries.

"Uwah, look at these broken teeth... I guess he really was taking it easy on me."

After muttering a few incomprehensible lines to himself, Einhard lifted the Dream Mage onto his shoulder.

"Silent Witch-dono, the princess would like to talk to you regarding tonight's events. I apologize for the late invitation, but may I request your presence?"

"Y-Yes, of course...!"

Einhard walked off with a steady gait, seemingly unaffected by the Dream Mage slung over his shoulders. Eventually, he led Monica to Cecilia's private quarters.

Inside the room, Lionel and Cecilia were seated on a sofa. Once Cecilia noticed Monica, she stood up and bowed her head.

"Silent Witch-sama... Thank you very much. Words cannot express how grateful I am to your for saving my life...!"

"N-No, I, um, didn't do much..."

Monica had only noticed the incident by chance, and it was because of Louis that she managed to save Cecilia. In which case, where had Louis disappeared to?

As Monica anxiously pondered this mystery, a modest knock could be heard from the door. Einhard, who had dropped the Dream Mage onto the floor, turned to Lionel and Cecilia.

"Prince Lionel, Princess Cecilia, considering the significant implications of tonight's events, I took the liberty of summoning an ally. He is a trustworthy man. May I let him in?"

Cecilia seemed perplexed, but Lionel nodded to Einhard, having understood his intentions.

"Very well. Let him in."

"Thank you very much, Your Highness."

After a respectful bow to Lionel, Einhard opened the door. As Monica expected, on the other side of the door stood the Barrier Mage, Louis Miller.

Despite the late hour, his hair had been neatly braided, and he carried the robe and staff of the Seven Sages.

"U-Um, Louis-san..."

Monica attempted to say something, but Louis immediately cut her off with an extremely well-delivered line.

"Good evening, my fellow sage. I heard everything from the Imperial knight over there. It seems you've managed to foil the Dream Mage's schemes and save Princess Cecilia's life. Truly the hero our country deserves. Well done."

This left Monica dumbfounded. For some reason, Louis was pretending all the business about him grabbing Monica by the collar and throwing her onto the balcony never happened.

"Um, but at that time, Louis-san, you..."

Monica glanced over to the Dream Mage lying on the floor, and Louis dramatically raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Ah yes, I understand everything now..."

"Um...?"

The Dream Mage's bruises were clearly not the result of a magical attack. Monica was subtly asking Louis if he was responsible. In response, Louis put on a serious face and said...

"I see you defeated the evildoer after Princess Cecilia with an impressive straight right punch. Truly surprising. I never expected you to have such physical talents."

"Ehhh...!? N-No, I can't possibly... because, erm, Louis-san, you did..."

Before Monica could finish stammering out her words, Louis casually placed a hand on her shoulder. The pressure behind his hand began to steadily build. Now looking right into Monica's pale face, Louis put on a frighteningly pleasant smile.

"I was on vacation. Do you understand, my fellow sage?"

The sharp gaze behind the monocle seemed to say, "You will nod." Monica nodded by reflex, and Louis released her shoulder, turning to Lionel.

"Now then, shall we get to the main topic? We are about to begin a crucial discussion that will determine the future of both Ridill and the Empire... Am I correct in assuming that, Prince Lionel?"

"Indeed."

Lionel nodded, and Louis pushed Monica's shoulder, urging her to sit. Monica took her seat as prompted.

After everyone was seated, Cecilia began the discussion.

"First of all, I must offer everyone a sincere apology. The incident tonight was a direct result of internal conflicts within the Schwargald Empire. The people of Ridill bear no responsibility. I apologize for any inconvenience we have caused."

After offering everyone a deep bow, Cecilia slowly raised her head. Her face seemed delicate and ephemeral... yet it held the nobility of a flower blooming beautifully in the moonlight.

"I also hope you will excuse me for exposing an incident that brings the Empire national shame. The root cause for all of this was me being rejected by the ancient artifact, the Mirror of Bern. Ancient artifacts have a will of their own, and the Mirror of Bern explicitly said it would never lend me its power. Despite being the contract holder, I cannot use the mirror."

Cecilia's explanation caused Monica to gasp.

There was little publicly known information about the ancient magical artifacts, not even to Monica. Most of what she knew was from books.

(I've read that ancient artifacts have a will and the ability to choose their wielders...)

Indeed, there were artifacts that could only be used by a certain lineage. However, the idea that they would reject someone from that lineage was something Monica had never considered.

The agony Cecilia felt from her rejection must have been unimaginable. Perhaps the seeds of her guilt and lack of confidence had been sown at that time.

"My grandfather, Duke Achenwall, lamented this situation and made the decision to abandon me. If I were to die, a new Saintess could be chosen... And thus, he sent the Dream Mage, Casper Hutter, to assassinate me."

Next came the sheer cruelty of your own family trying to kill you. However, Cecilia explained everything without letting the grief consume her.

She must have wrestled with conflicts and suffered in ways Monica couldn't even comprehend... And then, she resolved herself to stand back up.

"I once considered sacrificing my life at the order of my grandfather... But now, I believe it is best to spend my life serving the Empire and Ridill."

Cecilia looked at everyone in the room in turn. Her faint violet eyes reflected the candlelight, burning vividly with the flames of life.

"In order to become queen while carrying this secret, I humbly ask for the assistance of everyone present here."

"I also request your help. Please, lend us your strength."

Cecilia and Lionel simultaneously bowed their heads. This left Monica an anxious wreck, but Louis and Einhard merely chuckled with similar expressions on their faces.

The two stood up and, as a knight and mage respectively, offered their utmost respects.

"I, Einhard Berger of the Imperial Guard, pledge to serve with this secret kept hidden in my heart."

"I, Barrier Mage Louis Miller of the Seven Sages, pledge myself to the mutual prosperity of the Kingdom of Ridill and the Schwargald Empire."

Louis glanced briefly at Monica. Though startled, Monica hastily stood up, placed her staff at her feet, and performed the salute of a mage.

"Um, I, Silent Witch Monica Everett, swear to... protect Cecilia-sama's secret."

This was not a particularly impressive declaration, but Cecilia put on a soft smile and offered her thanks regardless.

The princess went on to stand up from her chair and approach the fallen Dream Mage.

"I see you are awake, Dream Mage Casper Hutter."

Hutter's tightly closed eyelids twitched slightly, indicating that he had apparently regained consciousness quite some time ago.

Though his limbs were still tightly bound, Hutter raised his upper body to glare at Cecilia.

"Einhard, please remove the cloth covering his mouth."

"Understood."

Following Cecilia's order, Einhard removed Hutter's gag.

A mage could cast magic as long as their mouth was free, even if their limbs were bound. Thus, covering the mouth was standard procedure when restraining a mage.

Einhard placed his hand on the hilt of his sword, ready to strike at a moment's notice if Hutter began to chant.

Hutter remained completely silent, but his eyes remained fixed on Cecilia with a burning hatred. Regardless, Cecilia addressed Hutter in a calm tone.

"I can no longer return to the Empire. The moment I do, my grandfather would stop at nothing to take my life. That said, the same applies to you."

Hutter had failed to assassinate Cecilia, so Duke Achenwall had no reason to keep him alive.

The Dream Mage no longer had anywhere he could escape to. And yet, Hutter's face displayed neither regret nor fear.

"So what? Are you going to cut off my head and send it to Duke Achenwall?"

Hutter voiced a sarcastic question, but Cecilia simply shook her head.

"Dream Mage Casper Hutter, I order you to remain in Ridill and continue serving as my personal guard."

This order left Monica and the Dream Mage himself visibly shocked. However, Lionel, Louis, and Einhard remained unfazed, as if they had anticipated this outcome.

(B-But why? He tried to kill you!)

As Monica fretted internally, Cecilia made a request to Lionel.

"Lionel-sama, may I have a moment alone with Hutter?"

"Hmm, but having just the two of you is a bit dangerous..."

Even in his restrained state, Hutter could cast magic as long as his mouth was uncovered. Someone needed to keep a close eye on him.

Cecilia understood this, casting a brief sidelong glance at Monica.

"In that case, Silent Witch-sama."

"Y-Yes."

"Could you please stand in and join us?"

Monica wondered why it had to be her, but she had no reason to refuse.

"U-Understood."

After Monica nodded, Lionel, Einhard, and Louis stood up and left the room. Just before closing the door, Louis raised his right fist and dropped a piece of advice.

"If the Dream Mage tries to struggle, a good old fashioned punch will fix that."

"Huh...?"

"Just kidding. Your chantless magic is more than enough to subdue him."

Finally, Louis closed the door. The only ones left in the room were Cecilia, the Dream Mage, and Monica.

Facing Monica, Cecilia straightened her posture and began to explain.

"Hutter's sister died protecting me from an assassin after my life. He is unable to forgive me, the false Saintess who is responsible for her death, and I believe his anger is justified."

Monica was taken aback by the Dream Mage's motive, and then, doubly surprised by Cecilia calling it justified.

"B-But still... that doesn't make it right for him to hurt you, Cecilia-sama!"

No matter how resentful or frustrated Hutter may have been, murdering Cecilia was not the answer. The rightful target of his rage should be the assassin who killed his sister.

Monica made a desperate attempt to argue, but Cecilia cut her off with a smile.

"Thank you, Silent Witch-sama. Your kindness is truly heartening."

Cecilia's smile seemed transient, yet it held a beautiful strength, like a flower standing tall and firm. She was delicate, but not weak.

"I am a Saintess who wields no power. Nevertheless, I want to repay the kindness of people like you. That is why, until the day I die, I plan to serve as the symbol of peace between the Empire and Ridill."

Cecilia had acknowledged Monica's feelings, and was determined to carry them onward. She had already decided what needed to be done.

Swaying her beautiful silver hair, Cecilia turned to face the Dream Mage, Casper Hutter.

"I will become the Saintess of Peace. And your sister... Mia will be the hero who died protecting a true Saintess. I will not make the deaths of those who died for me meaningless."

Hutter scowled with displeasure. Due to the bruises on his face, even the slightest movements of his cheeks likely came with intense pain. Yet he endured all of it to spit out his disgust.

"Any symbol of peace is just an illusion. A transient fantasy."

"Hutter, haven't you seen it when casting your illusions?"

"...?"

Hutter put on a suspicious frown, as Cecilia spread her arms wide and continued.

"How everyone's faces shone with radiance when they saw your beautiful spells."

Monica recalled the night of the party when Hutter showcased his illusions. The enthusiastic cheers and radiant faces of the attendees.

Even if it was just an illusion, that marvelous sight undoubtedly lingered in their hearts.

"As the symbol of peace, I will be capable of bringing smiles to my people. Just like how you create smiles with your beautiful illusions."

As Hutter fell silent, Cecilia spoke with a gentle voice.

"Now, Hutter, it's time for a deal. Serve me until I die. And when I do, I will allow you to seek revenge on me."

"...What?"

"At the time of my death, show me the cruelest nightmare your magic can muster. I will embrace that nightmare in my heart and die along with it."

Shocked by Cecilia's proposal, Monica could not help but shout.

"Cecilia-sama... that's...!"

"Silent Witch-sama, this is what I have decided. Vengeance is the reward he deserves."

Interrupting Monica's scream-like shout, Cecilia restated her declaration.

"I will allow your revenge at my final moments, Casper Hutter. In return, you must lend me your power."

Though initially taken aback, Hutter soon lifted the corner of his lips. He wore a strange-looking smile, somehow both pleased and disgusted at the same time.

"...That sounds more attractive than any sum of money, or any honor. What a fascinating reward."

After letting out a throaty chuckle, the Dream Mage accepted Cecilia's offer.

"Fine, Princess Cecilia. I shall bottle up this overflowing hatred and serve you until the very end. And when that moment comes, you will be presented with a nightmare like no other."

"I could ask for nothing more."

Cecilia gave a calm nod. Her face looked simultaneously delicate and strong, the splitting image of how the Saintess ought be.



