---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 182"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0182
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden9
chapter: 182
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 9: Resounding Song of the Spirits"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett (19)**

The Silent Witch. Loves the feeling of squishy paw pads, but stroking fur isn't half bad either.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker (22)**

An adept disciple as well as Duke. He is always diligent in maintaining good relationships with the neighbors.

After bringing back a large quantity of carrots to the mansion and distributing them to his staff, they assumed he loved carrots and started including more carrot dishes into his meals. That made him want to cry.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley (20)**

The heir of Marquis Highown, currently frustrated by the mysterious blond priest.

This frustration led him to binge-eating, then he quickly became full due to his small appetite. No one even noticed him eating more than normal, and he quietly suffered from indigestion alone.

When it comes to animals, he's more of a fluff-lover, but he doesn't yet know the charm of paw pads.

<br/>

**Elliott Howard (20)**

After suffering a great humiliation, the townspeople look at him with warm eyes.

He made the embarrassing statement of "I'll marry Nanny when I grow up!" at the age of four. That event is something that he intends to take to his grave.

<br/>

**Benjamin Mordin (20)**

Currently the most popular musician in Ridill. He comes from a family of musicians and has a strange connection to wind spirits, being fond of music.

<br/>

**Rynzbelfied**

Louis's contracted spirit and the self-proclaimed wife of Starspear Witch Carla Maxwell.

Regarding her provocative remark to Cyril, she didn't mean anything by it. The line needed to be said for artistic expression. Art is an explosion.

<br/>

**Rubelmeria**

A greater wind spirit who is always raging. Ryn's younger brother.

Makes strange sounds when emotional, and since he is always emotional, strange sounds are a constant.

<br/>

**Rosey Moore (16)**

The current Songstress. Daughter of former Songstress Robin Moore and a high-ranking priest, so she comes from a relatively affluent family.

Now she brings a violin with her whenever she goes into town. If she sees Elliott, she shouts, "Play a song for us, Your Lordship!"

<br/>

**Carla Maxwell (32)** [Scenes from age 22]

The Starspear Witch, a former member of the Seven Sages. A natural genius who can cast seven different spells at the same time.

A traveler at heart, she never stays in one place for long.

<br/>

**Louis Miller (29)** [Scenes from age 19]

The Barrier Mage. Has a bad habit of poking his nose into the affairs of those in power, which was exploited by the King in the main story. He is very grateful to Carla, his senior disciple, for stopping Professor Rutherford's disciplinary actions.

If Carla hadn't been around, his nose might have been smacked so many times that he wouldn't be able to wear a monocle.

<br/>

**Silas Page**

A candidate for the Seven Sages who has only been mentioned by name. Is likely to face various difficulties thanks to a certain Barrier Mage.

He will make a full appearance in the next chapter. Please treat him kindly.

<br/>

**Mrs. Knolles (71)**

Monica's neighbor, a somewhat wealthy widow who lives quietly with her maid. Often brings Monica gifts of baked goods, homemade cooking, and flowers.

Engages in lively discussions with her maid about the relationship between Walker-san and the little lady. They have come up with elaborate settings such as "a love affair between people of different social classes," "an elopement between a princess of a fallen kingdom and her guard," and "a forbidden love between non-blood-related siblings."

This is mostly Isaac's fault for openly expressing affection towards his master all the time.

---

Q: Why was Elliott given the title of 'Viscount Howard' instead of 'Count Darsby'?

A: The nobles of Ridill who are ranked count or higher often possess multiple peerages. Elliott's family is no exception, and Viscount Howard is one of their other titles. Elliott's father still holds the title of Count Darsby.

As a side note, Elliott's father is one of the most stubborn fathers in the entire story. According to Elliott, "He's like Cyril, except more stubborn and even less receptible to jokes."

<br/>

Q: If Ryn can change between male and female, what about the other spirits...?

A: Rubelmeria could become a beautiful woman who makes strange sounds, Wildianu could transform into a delicate woman, and Pikeh could turn into a handsome man firing ice bullets everywhere.

<br/>

Q: I want to know the alcohol tolerance of the characters.

- **Alcohol is Water:** Louis, Frieda, Henrik
- **Rarely Gets Drunk:** Isaac, Neil, Casey, Mary, Black Lion Emperor, Cecilia
- **Moderately Strong:** Elliott, Melissa, Bradford, Einhard
- **Decently Strong:** Claudia, Isabelle, Raul, Benjamin, Hubert
- **Average**: Lana, Bridget, Lionel
- **Weak**: Glenn, Rosalie
- **Very Weak**: Ray, Robert, Clifford
- **Keep Away From Alcohol**: Monica, Cyril

This is a general guideline. It does not include non-human characters.

People from the northern and eastern parts of Ridill and those from the Empire tend to have relatively high alcohol tolerance.



