---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 93"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0093
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden6
chapter: 93
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 6: Yearning for White Snow"
---
<h2>[V6C16] Unawareness is Exclusive to the Parties Involved</h2>

Monica was awoken by something fluffy tickling her cheek.

"...Ugh."

She lifted her right hand in an attempt to rub her eyes, before noticing that her hand was covered in bandages. In particular, the area around her wrist had been fixed in place.

Rather than getting up, she used her left hand to poke the bandages on her right hand. Meanwhile, she still felt the fluffy object covering her face.

Despite the fluffy feeling, it didn't seem to have the warmth typical of a living creature.

Assuming it was some kind of fur, Monica reached out to remove it. However, she was interrupted by whispering voices.

"She's awake."

"Yep, she's awake."

"Alright, I'll tell her now."

"Shouldn't we wait until after she gets up?"

"Okay, I'll wait."

Though the fluff felt nice against her skin, it was a bit ticklish and made breathing difficult.

As Monica pondered what to do, the fluffy thing was suddenly lifted, allowing her to see again.

"Move, you dumb weasels."

In her now-open view, she saw Melissa lifting two small weasels, one in each hand.

The weasel in her right hand had golden eyes and white fur as pure as snow. The one on the left had light golden fur and amethyst-colored eyes. Monica recognized the color of both of their eyes.

"Onee-san... Um, could it be, those weasels are...?"

"The white dragon and the ice spirit. I'm not stupid enough to waste lodging fees, so I had them turn into animals."

Melissa tossed the two weasels carelessly onto the floor and sat on the chair beside the bed.

Surveying the room, Monica found it to be a small bedroom. She recognized the landscape outside the window. This was the town of Jausuka, right before the Vilraya Autonomous District.

Monica attempted to raise her upper body, but Melissa grabbed her right hand without a word. She quickly peeled off the bandages and applied an ointment.

Monica's right hand was covered in cuts and gashes. Her palm felt hot and constantly throbbed with pain, since she had gripped the vines so tightly.

In addition, her wrist was discolored in a reddish-black hue after getting pulled by the vines. Bending it at the slightest angle caused intense pain.

"Keep your wrist firmly secured, else it'll take longer to heal. Don't use your right hand at all today. If you ignore my warnings, I'll apply a smelly ointment that won't wash off for an entire month."

"O-Okay..."

Once Melissa finished reapplying the bandages, the two weasels leaped onto the bed.

The weasel with light golden fur——Ice Spirit Ashelpikeh——looked up at Monica with round eyes and opened her small mouth.

"Sorry."

"...Huh?"

"If you do something wrong, you have to properly apologize. That's what Cyril said."

Apparently, Cyril had already started teaching his contracted spirit common sense.

As Monica blinked her eyes in surprise, the white weasel——White Dragon Thule——looked up at Monica's face as well.

"I have something to say too. Thank you for saving me."

It was hard to recognize the emotions of a weasel, but his face overlapped with the image of a gently smiling human in Monica's eyes.

"Well, um... you're welcome."

Monica replied with an awkward smile, as Melissa scoffed while tidying up the bandages.

"There are plenty of things in this world that can't be settled with a simple apology. Make sure you punish them properly if sorry isn't enough. That's another part of learning about society."

"N-No, I wouldn't want to go that far..."

As Monica shook her head, Melissa glared sharply at the two weasels with her green eyes.

"You two better thank Cyril-sama. If it weren't for him, I'd have stripped those furs and turned you into scarves..."

Before Melissa could finish her sentence, the door opened without a knock. The ill-mannered Raul immediately walked in. Cyril was visible behind him.

"Hey Sis! Is Monica awake yet?"

"This is a woman's room, you know! Knock before entering! Pardon the intrusion, Lady Melissa. Regarding Monica's condition..."

Melissa quickly withdrew the threatening expression she had aimed at the weasels, and greeted Cyril with a friendly smile.

"Oh my, Cyril-sama. Yes, Monica just woke up. I've already finished changing her bandages."

Breathing a sigh of relief at Melissa's words, Cyril approached the bed.

Squinting his blue eyes, he stared intently at Monica's right hand. Slowly but surely, the expression on his face clouded over. Deep wrinkles formed on his forehead.

"Um, uh, Cyril-sama..."

"..."

Cyril grimaced and glared at Monica——or more precisely, her right hand. Meanwhile, Monica could do nothing but flail her free left hand. Under the pressure, she felt like she had to say something in response.

"Well, uh, Cyril-sama, how are you feeling...?"

"Worry about yourself rather than me."

The tone of Cyril's voice was low, and there was a clear anger in it. Monica trembled at that anger.

As the two fell silent for a moment, Raul, who had been playing with the weasels, casually interjected.

"Cyril is just mad because you were so reckless, Monica. But he can't say anything because you did it to save him, so all that anger turned into the wrinkles on his forehead!"

"Don't presume to speak for others!"

After yelling at Raul, he noticed Monica staring at him with wide eyes and awkwardly cleared his throat. Putting on a frown, he explained to her.

"...No, that's right. Raul spoke the truth. However, I'm not angry at you, Monica... but at my own incompetence."

Cyril knelt beside the bed and placed his hand on Monica's right hand, which was still wrapped in bandages.

With his head lowered, Cyril's silver hair concealed his face.

"Please, never do something so reckless again... I was so worried."

Cyril's voice was raspy and pained, showing genuine concern for Monica's injury.

Feeling terribly sorry about it, Monica lowered her eyebrows and bowed her head.

(What have I done...? I tried to help Cyril-sama, but I ended up worrying him... and I couldn't even do anything at the most critical moment. If Melissa-oneesan and Raul-sama hadn't been there...)

During the battle, Monica had become overly emotional. Her reckless misuse of mana caused her to quickly deplete her own mana reserves.

Worst of all, she ended up worrying Cyril... How could she call herself one of the Seven Sages like this?

"...I'm s-so sorry."

"I'm not blaming you, so don't apologize. Otherwise, how am I supposed to act as the one you saved? Please, raise your head."

Cyril was practically pleading with her.

Monica lifted her eyes with hesitation, meeting Cyril's blue eyes gently staring back, as beautiful as gemstones.

"Thank you for saving me, for lending me your strength. I'm incredibly grateful."

The usually arrogant Cyril was now lowering his eyebrows and giving her a smile.

The moment Monica saw his smile, her heart began pounding as if she had just finished a sprint. Her face felt hot.

As Monica reflexively pressed her cheek with her left hand, Cyril blinked in confusion.

"...Does your cheek hurt?"

"N-no, it's, um, not that. Well..."

As Monica held her cheek and stammered, Cyril leaned forward to check on her.

"Could it be a fever...?"

"N-No, it's not that, um..."

Cyril reached out to touch Monica's forehead.

At that moment, Monica realized it. Normally, she would feel a chill when she was this close to Cyril, but now...

"Cyril-sama, you're not cold...?"

"Right. All my excess mana is being transferred to Thule now. I won't radiate cold air any more."

While the contract with the white dragon did place a burden on Cyril, it came with some positives as well. At the very least, he would no longer suffer from mana hyperabsorption while the contract was in place.

(I see...)

Despite this being a good thing for Cyril, Monica couldn't help but feel a little sad.

She reached out and gently touched Cyril's hand, which was still on her forehead.

(...It's warm.)

That was the warmth of a living human being.

When she touched him during his comatose state, she felt the coldness of death, and that terrified her.

Once Monica recalled that dominating sense of fear and despair, this warmth felt irreplaceable.

(Cyril-sama, I'm glad you're safe.)

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Cyril had reached out to Monica, who was sitting up on the bed, and Monica extended her hand to just barely touch Cyril's hand.

Monica didn't seem to realize it, but when her small hand touched Cyril's, the young man tensed up unnaturally. His pale white cheeks gradually turned red.

(Oh? My, my...?)

After silently observing this scene, Melissa tiptoed to the corner of the room. She beckoned over Raul, who had the weasels on his head and shoulder.

"Hey, Raul."

"Yeah? What's up, Sis?"

Melissa gestured towards Monica and Cyril as she lowered her voice into a whisper.

"Could it be that those two are..."

"Oh, you realized it, huh?"

Crossing his arms and nodding repeatedly, Raul made a wink and exclaimed...

"They're my best friends!"

At times like these, Melissa always wondered to herself. Why did her handsome brother have to be so disappointingly idiotic?

"...Maybe you really should change your title to the Blind Witch."

After staring daggers at Raul, Melissa turned back toward the bed.

The Little One still wore a derpy smile. Meanwhile, the man next to her blushed bright red from a slight touch to his hand.

...The reason was obvious to anyone with eyes.

(Ugh, why do I always have to do everything!?)

Melissa let out the sigh of a tragic heroine, and made her decision.

To release her built-up frustrations, she would tease this clueless Little One to her heart's content.

Since Melissa was going to be kind enough to take a graceful step back, serving as her plaything was the least the girl could do in return.

"Cyril-sama, by the way, are you going shopping later?" asked Melissa in a seductive tone, clinging onto Cyril's arm.

Cyril released his hand from Monica's forehead and nodded.

"Oh, um, yes, I needed to buy a coat..."

"Well! In that case, I'll accompany you. I know a good store!"

"I see, then with pleasure. I'll get ready for the outing, so excuse me."

Cyril left the room with awkward movements.

And oh, the dejected look on Monica's face as she watched him go!

Melissa bent down and whispered in Monica's ear.

"Monica-chan... Cyril-sama is quite charming, isn't he?"

"Uh, erm, y-yes!"

Monica nodded, and Melissa curled her lips into a wicked grin.

"No sneaky moves between us, okay?"

"...Huh? Uh? ...Eh?!"

Melissa had told Monica about this in Sazandol.

——*If another girl who likes the same guy as you says, 'no sneaky moves,' doubt her. She's definitely going to betray you.*

Apparently, the Little One remembered her big sister's teachings.

Impressed, Melissa gave a few nods. Meanwhile, Monica was busy alternating between blushing and turning pale, her lips trembling.

"O-Onee-san, c-could it be... could it be...!?"

"Ohohohoho! Monica-chan, be a good girl and stay here, okay?"

"W-Wait... I-I'm going too...!"

Melissa exited the room while laughing heartily, followed by a flustered Monica.

Despite being left behind, Raul brightened his face while grabbing onto the weasels again.

"So basically, we're all going shopping together! Cool, let's go guys!"

The white weasel murmured, "Wow, that sounds fun," as he happily wagged his fluffy tail.



