---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 77"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0077
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden5
chapter: 77
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 5: Two Witches in Love and Much Ado About Nothing"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett (19)**

The finally self-aware Silent Witch. Currently, she is troubled by Cyril's whereabouts and the mystery of the small fish.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley (20)**

A man who ended up in a tough situation after defying the path indicated by the carrot.

Doesn't know that Veronica gave him a princess carry while he was unconscious. Ignorance is bliss.

<br/>

**Melissa Roseberg (26)**

The Fourth Thorn Witch. The woman who went down in history as the shortest-serving member of the Seven Sages. Skilled in potion-making, but adheres to a policy of not using love potions on her crushes. 

"Why? Because it's more fun to watch people being swayed by love potions from the sidelines, right?"

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg (21)**

The Fifth Thorn Witch. Before Monica joined the Seven Sages, he was the youngest in history.

The Starseer Witch Mary Harvey had taught him about Carrot Divination when he was still a beautiful boy. In other words, this was a technique passed down by the country's foremost prophet.

Carrot divination has such a high accuracy rate because Raul is loved by plants.

<br/>

**Theodore**

An unfortunate and untimely man. Seems to be a biologist.

<br/>

**Samuel Throth**

Former member of the Randall Knights. Proficient in imbuement magic.

<br/>

**Veronica**

A greater ice spirit. Was searching for a human with the ice attribute and mana hyperabsorption.

<br/>

**Anthony Winkel (28)**

The eldest of the five Winkel brothers. Captain of the second unit of the Randall Knights. Enjoys the company of women.

<br/>

**Michel Winkel (25)**

The second of the Winkel brothers. Member of the Randall Knights. An expert at infiltration. Enjoys the company of women.

<br/>

**Sven Winkel (22)**

The third of the Winkel brothers. Secretary and poet. Enjoys the company of women.

<br/>

**Teodor Winkel (20)**

The fourth of the Winkel brothers. Member of the Randall Knights. A professional handler of military dogs. Enjoys the company of dogs.

<br/>

**Robert Winkel (18)**

The fifth of the Winkel brothers. Current member of the student council at Serendia Academy. Enjoys playing chess with company.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker (22)**

The Second Prince, as well as the Duke of Erin. Currently on a mission with Nero-senpai.

<br/>

**Nero**

The familiar of the Silent Witch, and the Black Dragon of Worgan. Has been tamed by his junior.

<br/>

**Bridget Greyham (20)**

A beautiful diplomatic secretary. The number of marriage proposals she received has finally reached three digits.

<br/>

**Neil Clay Maywood (19)**

A rookie mediator who recently realized that "mediate" means "do something about this." Despite being past the growth phase, he hasn't given up on growing taller. Surely, he will grow taller. Still growing (self-suggestion).

<br/>

Winkel brothers for reference:

1. Anthony (big)

2. Michel (charming)

3. Sven (poet)

4. Teodor (puppies)

5. Robert (chess)

By the way, the names of the Winkel family's pet dogs are Fleur, Livel, and Hemel. Since it was impossible to bring all three this time, only Fleur came along. They are a breed similar to German Shepherds.





