---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 175"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0175
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden9
chapter: 175
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 9: Resounding Song of the Spirits"
---
<h2>[V9C19] Willing to Accept Shame</h2>

After getting dragged all over town by Benjamin, Elliott returned to his mansion and reviewed the stack of reports piled on his desk.

Despite his absence for an entire day, the festival preparations were still progressing smoothly.

That said, he couldn't be genuinely happy about this, because this meant only one thing.

——There were plenty of people who could replace him.

Elliott did not possess any unique talents like the Duke of Erin or Benjamin.

Nevertheless, he had always believed that he fulfilled the tasks assigned to him. Not once had he ever slacked off.

(How frustrating...)

Only now did he understand the feelings of that young Songstress.

The Songstress had claimed to not care about singing, yet she found herself hoping for an audience.

Meanwhile, Elliott had claimed the festival was unnecessary, yet he sought to use the festival to seek recognition from the townspeople.

(We're exactly the same.)

The truth was that he wanted to surpass the festival of ten years ago. He wanted his efforts to be praised. He wanted recognition.

However, Elliott also realized that he lacked the talent to achieve any of those goals. No matter how much effort he put in, some things would always remain out of reach.

So, just like her, he had made an excuse to avoid embarrassing himself.

——"*Anyway, I don't want to do the festival. If you make me, I'll just sing half-heartedly.*"

——"*You don't care about the festival or my singing, right? Then why should I care? Feel free to pick another Songstress if you want.*"

——"*So don't expect much from me, okay?*"

The Songstress had wanted to care, and to be counted on. But saying that out loud would only result in greater embarrassment down the line.

Why? Because she understood the difference in talent between her and her mother. Thus, she declared that she wouldn't try. The excuse of 'I wasn't trying my best' would protect her shallow pride.

(Yeah, and I'm the same. I want the townspeople to count on me. I want to gain the respect of the priests.)

After walking through town for an entire day, and listening to the gossip, Elliott was reminded of the harsh reality.

All they talked about was the rising star musician, Benjamin Mordin, and the hero famed for slaying two evil dragons, Monica Everett the Silent Witch.

Meanwhile, everyone dismissed the young lord and Songstress with words such as, "He's still just a youngster," "Can't expect much from them," or "The previous Songstress was simply on a different level."

Elliott slumped down into his chair, rubbing his forehead as he let out a heavy sigh. It felt like he had aged a couple years in the past few days.

At that moment, a modest knock could be heard from the door to his office, which was promptly followed by the door slamming open.

"Elliott!"

Benjamin, who had burst through the door with great momentum, was accompanied by Monica, who was still frozen in her knocking posture. Apparently, Monica had tried to knock politely, but Benjamin got impatient and rushed in without waiting for a response.

Elliott stretched out against the backrest and glanced at the two visitors.

"What is it this time? I still have work to do, you know..."

In truth, his subordinates had probably already taken care of everything important, but Elliott didn't want to be seen as slacking, so he pretended to be busy.

Meanwhile, Benjamin pushed Monica forward, as if saying whatever Elliott was doing could wait.

Elliott caught a glimpse of that troublesome maid in the corridor, but she apparently intended to wait outside. Without her interference, perhaps they could have a sensible conversation.

Monica stepped forward with a visibly tense face, holding a bundle of papers against her chest.

"Howard-sama, I have, um, s-something I want to discuss with you."

"Regarding the magical dedication?"

"...Yes."

Monica nodded and began her explanation.

"I heard about what happened at the magical dedication ten years ago... Starspear Witch-sama performed four instances of Spirit King Summoning at the same time."

Elliott nodded back. He had also read the documents regarding the magical dedication from ten years ago. Apparently, the Starspear Witch had opened four Spirit King gates, and summoned the four winds.

"However, I am unable to do the same thing as her," Monica continued.

"Just your normal Spirit King Summoning is plenty. Besides, there are only a few mages in the country who can do that, right? Having a Sage performing Spirit King Summoning is more than enough for..."

Monica vigorously shook her head, interrupting Elliott. Then, she continued while anxiously fiddling with her fingers in front of the documents she was holding.

"W-When I heard about what happened in the last festival, I couldn't help but think that..."

Monica clenched her fingers into fists and blushed slightly.

"...That people will say they preferred the festival from ten years ago... And I didn't want to get judged for that and embarrass myself..."

Elliott winced. Monica had just admitted to feeling precisely what Elliott himself felt, except he had averted his eyes from this truth.

Unaware of Elliott's inner conflict, Monica bowed her head.

"Somewhere down the line, I lost sight of the goal and started thinking about the best way for me to show off so I don't lose... Um, I'm sorry about that..."

(No, stop. Don't apologize. If you're apologizing to me, then what the hell am I supposed to do?)

Guilt, defeat, inferiority, shame. Suppressing the various emotions welling up inside him, Elliott put on his usual sarcastic smile.

"So you have moments like that too, huh?" Elliott interjected.

"Y-Yes... I was a bit short-sighted," Monica admitted with a troubled smile. "P-Pretty embarrassing, right?"

"..."

Elliott had to wonder if he was disguising his emotions properly. Probably not, as Benjamin was staring at him with crossed arms and suppressed laughter.

(You asshole. Don't look at me like that.)

"There's no way I can do the same thing as Starspear Witch-sama... But still, I want to give my all and do what I can, so..."

Monica forcefully pushed the bundle of documents at Elliott.

"I-I want to do what's written here... And for that, um, I need help from the Lord of Rainfield. Please lend me your assish..."

She just had to bite her tongue, right at the very end.

Sighing at the unchanging awkwardness of the Sage in front him, Elliott scanned through the documents.

"...Huh? Hold on, what the hell...?"

The shock of what he saw caused Elliott to let out a completely unmasked response.

"I've never seen or heard of such a technique before. Is this really possible?"

Monica lifted her right hand and pointed at Elliott's desk.

A gust of wind suddenly lifted the stack of documents, causing each piece of paper to dance as if it had a will of its own, fluttering in a circle around Elliott before returning to a stack on the desk.

The Silent Witch had just displayed highly advanced magic requiring delicate mana manipulation, all without uttering a single word.

"I can do it."

Monica stared right at Elliott with an expressionless face.

(It's just like back then.)

Back on the day Monica had revealed her true identity in the student council room, and declared that she would save the servant.

——"*I can do it.*"

The most timid girl he knew had made a quiet and confident declaration. Then, she brought forth a true miracle.

Elliott gulped in anticipation, but then Monica broke her composure and continued explaining with a look of desperation.

"Um, I was trying to show off because I didn't want to embarrass myself, but that's not to say showing off is always a bad thing. There are times where it can be necessary... So what I mean to say is..."

Monica let out a deep breath and put on what was probably the sharpest expression she could muster.

"I'll show off, not for myself, but to make the townspeople happy."

Elliott gritted his teeth beneath the sarcastic smile.

This was one of the Seven Sages, the strongest mages in the country. A true genius like her was willing to risk embarrassing herself, so how could an ordinary person like himself run away from responsibility?

Elliott stood up from his chair and bowed his head.

"I express my heartfelt gratitude for your continued efforts, Mage Countess Everett. Please feel free to ask for anything within my capabilities."

Elliott put on a smirk, then continued.

"I may be an unreliable and inexperienced young lord, but allow me to set the stage for you. Show me your best magic."

Monica responded with a loud "I will!" backed by enough confidence to make him believe everything will be alright.



