---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 107"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0107
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 107
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[V7C10] Prince of the Sun, Princess of the Moon</h2>

Illusory birds fluttered around a sparkling chandelier on the background of a gently curving rainbow.

However, beneath the fantastical and beautiful symbols of peace laid an incredibly awkward atmosphere.

The Dream Mage was staring at the Silent Witch and the Fourth Thorn Witch with an expressionless face radiating an aura of displeasure. Meanwhile, both the Silent Witch and Cecilia had their eyes swimming.

The only one with enough nerve to smile gracefully was the Fourth Thorn Witch.

Watching the commotion from a short distance away was Einhard Berger of the Imperial Guard. He patted the shoulder of his grimacing junior Kirchner, and spoke cheerfully.

"Hey, look over there, Kirchner. This scene symbolizes the future between Ridill and the Empire."

"...Yes, I suppose it does symbolize us."

The scene under the illusion, that is.

Approximately fifty years had passed since the war between the two nations. Although the relationship was much closer than before, the embers of conflict still smoldered here and there.

Both sides had plenty of excuses to start another war.

In a hushed tone, Kirchner whispered to Einhard.

"Berger-dono, I have a suggestion."

"Yeah? What is it?"

"Let us have Cecilia-sama retire for the night, using the excuse that she doesn't look very well. Her face is actually quite pale."

As Kirchner indicated, Cecilia looked deathly pale and bewildered.

Cecilia was a very considerate woman, which was why she always tried to please both sides. However, the impossibility of it left her with nothing but stomach pains.

Einhard did a quick scan of the venue before putting on a smile.

"Nah, it'll be fine. After all, *he* is here."

"...He?"

Ignoring the puzzled Kirchner, Einhard averted his gaze and said, "Oh, there's a beauty over there."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Monica pulled the hem of Melissa's dress with trembling hands, speaking in a quiet voice.

"Onee-san, um, uh..."

"Get a load of him, Little One. That expression on the Dream Mage's face. How pitiful! He's like a dog who can't even bark."

Melissa, laughing behind her fan, seemed to be enjoying herself immensely.

Still sweating profusely, Monica whispered her thoughts to Melissa.

"I-I think the mood of the room is, erm, more important than, um, my dignity..."

"The mood? Why should I care about something so trivial?"

Monica gasped in fright.

The Dream Mage had simply been a bit negligent in his greetings. He didn't deserve to be humiliated to this extent, so Monica even felt a bit of sympathy for him.

What now? Should she try apologizing? However, Monica couldn't shake off the feeling that anything she said would only add fuel to the fire.

Moreover, speaking up in this tense atmosphere was much too challenging for the timid Monica.

(Oh no, w-what do I do, what do I do...?)

As Monica held her head in her hands, she heard a series of steps. It was the heavy sound characteristic of men's boots.

Raising her head, Monica saw a large man approaching them. He had an imposing face, shimmering golden hair, and a muscular physique that seemed like it might burst out of his formal suit. He was the First Prince, Lionel.

Lionel paused to look up at the illusory birds and rainbow, then exclaimed, "How splendid!"

After voicing his praise in a resonant voice, Lionel turned his attention to the Dream Mage.

Under the thick eyebrows resembling caterpillars, his aqua-colored eyes sparkled like morning dewdrops.

"I have studied magic at Minerva, so I know how challenging illusion magic can be, especially when it comes the recreation of living creatures. This is no ordinary feat. You have shown us something truly remarkable!"

As the Dream Mage stood astonished, Lionel took his hand and shook it firmly.

"Dream Mage-dono, thank you for the beautiful spectacle. You are a magnificent mage."

Lionel's tone seemed a bit over the top, but there was not a hint of sarcasm in his words.

Moreover, by emphasizing how challenging it was to recreate creatures with illusion magic, he was skillfully praising the Dream Mage.

The Dream Mage, who still seemed dumbfounded, responded briefly, "It's an honor."

After giving him a firm nod, Lionel then turned to Monica.

(A-Am I going to be scolded?!)

As Monica looked up with teary eyes, Lionel put on a bright smile, revealing his white teeth. Despite his gorilla-like face, he looked very charming.

"Silent Witch-dono, that was a fantastic performance. No matter how many times I see it, your chantless magic never ceases to amaze me. If we ever get the chance, I'd like to hear more about it sometime."

"O-Of course."

Apparently, Monica would receive no reprimand, for now. Either way, the most impressive one here was Lionel himself.

Lionel immediately supported the disparaged Dream Mage and did not forget to acknowledge Monica either. He read the room perfectly, then solved the incident without leaving anyone with a bad aftertaste.

Finally, Lionel stood in front of Cecilia and offered her a courteous bow.

"I believe this is the first time we have spoken directly, Princess Cecilia. I am Lionel Blem Edwalt Ridill, the First Prince of Ridill."

After a brief moment of surprise, Cecilia quickly straightened her posture and offered an equally elegant curtsy.

"I apologize for my delayed greeting, Prince Lionel. I am Cecilia Charlotte Phoebe Kreving. It is an honor to meet you."

Once she stood before the tall and imposing Lionel, Cecilia's petite stature became even more apparent. They looked practically like parent and child, and indeed, Lionel and Cecilia were nine years apart.

Lionel began praising the younger princess with the utmost politeness.

"I hear many call you the Silver Moon Princess of the Empire... However, even tonight's beautiful full moon seems to pale before you."

"Oh my, you flatter me. Prince Lionel, you are truly like the sun. I am very pleased to finally get the opportunity to speak with you in person."

During the exchange between the two, Melissa began muttering quietly to herself.

"Rather than the sun and the moon, those two are like a gorilla and a fairy."

The incredibly rude remark nearly gave Monica a heart attack.

Although Melissa likened Lionel to a gorilla, his actions and manner of speaking were very polite. Above all, he displayed a dignity and elegance befitting royalty, on the same level as Felix, aka Isaac.

"I would love to dance with a princess of such beauty, but you must be tired from your long journey. Perhaps you would like to sit somewhere and enjoy the stars instead? I know of a special seat where you can see them well."

"...Yes, with pleasure."

Cecilia accepted Lionel's outstretched hand.

Lionel politely excused himself from the surrounding nobles, then left the venue with Cecilia.

Melissa unfolded her fan and put on a vulgar grin.

"Hah! Sneaking away to get intimate under the pretext of stargazing, huh... Not bad."

What was praiseworthy about that? Unsure of what Melissa found so impressive, Monica tilted her head while staring at Lionel and Cecilia's backs.

"Um, Onee-san, I'm supposed to guard her... so I should follow, right?"

"How clueless can you be? At times like these, you're supposed to be considerate and give them some alone time."

"...?"

There was nothing considerate about a guard neglecting their duties. Why did Melissa not want Monica to follow?

As Monica fell silent wondering about it, Melissa gave a thoughtful nod and continued.

"Actually, maybe this is a good opportunity for you, Little One."

"Um, what do you mean?"

In response to Monica's question, Melissa brought the fan to her mouth and giggled, then whispered into Monica's ear.

"Go watch. It's time for you to learn about the world of adults."

"...? Uh, o-okay."

The world of adults likely had a special way of guarding, which Monica would have to learn.

(Okay, I need to guard Prince Lionel and Cecilia-sama while making sure not to disturb them... I guess?)

Having reached that conclusion, Monica followed after Lionel and Cecilia.



