---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 164"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0164
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden9
chapter: 164
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 9: Resounding Song of the Spirits"
---
<h2>[V9C8] Unaware of the Songstress's Death</h2>

After being treated to the "Piano Sonata Dedicated to a Heartbroken Friend" by the musician Benjamin Mordin, the group boarded a carriage for their next destination, the temple.

Unfortunately, Ryn was forced to stay behind due to strict orders from Elliott.

Benjamin still seemed somewhat off, but he had regained a bit of vitality after the piano sonata. He was busily observing the sights from the carriage window, cheerfully waving his figures in tune with various instruments and songs throughout town.

It was exactly as Elliott had said. Even in a slump, Benjamin was unable to stop himself from loving music.

"This is a great town, Elliott. It's simply overflowing with music. Everyone is genuinely looking forward to the festival, I can hear it in their songs."

Elliott wore a complicated expression, seemingly unsure of whether or not to take pride in Benjamin's compliment.

"Benjamin, you've been to this town a few times before, right?" Elliott asked.

"But of course! I even saw the festival ten years ago. Now that was truly a spectacle. The music and memories of that day are still engraved into my heart."

The festival ten years ago had the magical dedication performed by the Starspear Witch, Carla Maxwell. Monica wanted to speak with someone who knew the events of ten years ago, but before she had the chance, Elliott interjected.

"I didn't go."

Elliott averted his gaze from the scene outside the window, before continuing in a cold tone.

"I couldn't."

For some reason, he seemed to want Benjamin to stop talking about the festival of ten years ago. Monica wondered if that was just her imagination.

Benjamin turned to Elliott before muttering a soft "Ah..." as if he had remembered something. His face turned solemn for a brief moment before regaining its usual cheer.

"By the way, Elliott, will we be meeting the Songstress today? If possible, I want to rehearse with her before the big day."

As the name 'Festival of Hymns' suggested, the main event was offering songs to the Spirit King of Wind.

Different types of spirits prefer different offerings. For example, fire spirits favor alcoholic beverages, water spirits favor fish, earth spirits favor crops, and wind spirits favor songs as offerings.

The Spirit King of Wind was said to be a particularly big fan of music, so the Songstress's hymn was considered just as important as the magical dedication.

"Songstress Robin Moore was truly wonderful ten years ago. To think I will be standing on the same stage as her! Can there be anything more exhilarating?"

"...I need to apologize to you about that, Benjamin."

Without even attempting to hide his discontent, Elliott lowered his head, then explained to the surprised Benjamin in a bitter tone.

"Robin Moore has already passed away. I just learned about it from the temple's report earlier today. Apparently, the timing of her death was just before I arrived in town, so the report got lost in the turmoil of my inauguration... or at least that's what they claim."

Elliott had been glaring at a document before his meeting with Monica, so that must have been the report from the temple.

Either way, the Songstress was the festival's main highlight. Failing to report her passing was hardly something that could happen accidentally.

(The temple really doesn't like him...)

As Monica pondered such thoughts, the wide-eyed Benjamin asked for more details.

"In that case, who will act as her replacement? The Songstress also plays the role of the festival's shrine maiden, so they cannot simply pick any girl with a talent for song."

Generally, such roles are given to the daughters of important figures within the temple. The previous Songstress, Robin Moore, had also been the daughter of a prominent priest.

Elliott answered with a somber expression.

"Rosey Moore, the daughter of the previous Songstress. She's apparently turning sixteen this year, though I haven't met her myself."

First the bad blood between the lord and the temple, and now the issue with the Songstress's replacement. The festival was laden with more problems than Monica initially thought.

Elliott felt the need to apologize to Benjamin, but the young musician didn't appear particularly upset. Leaning back against the cushions, he waved his fingers like a conductor's baton.

"Well then, I shall look forward to performing with the new Songstress. It is unfortunate that we will no longer be able to hear Robin Moore's beautiful singing, but fear not. I, the musician Benjamin Mordin, shall deliver inspiration to townspeople in her place."

"...I've always liked that positive side of yours."

Elliott muttered in a subdued tone, then chuckled with a wry smile.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

The temple dedicated to the Spirit King of Wind was located about a five minutes' walk into the forest.

Elliott had described it as an ancient building, and he was exactly right. The stone walls were covered in moss and vines, and the numerous cracks exuded a sense of history.

That said, Monica had imagined something more compact, like a small, deserted church in the countryside.

The temple turned out to be rather large. There was a spacious worship hall in the center, with separate buildings on the left and right for priests to work and live in, connected by covered walkways.

(I-It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be... I guess the magical dedication will be done outside, probably in the front plaza...)

As Monica nervously imagined herself performing the magical dedication in front of this grand temple, she saw something in her peripheral vision.

Something, or rather, someone, was perched on the second-floor window frame.

"Wah!? T-That's dangerous...!"

Right as Monica screamed, the feminine-looking figure threw out a rope, then jumped down while kicking off the wall. Shortly afterwards, Elliott and Benjamin also noticed the figure descending from the second floor due to Monica's scream.

Whoever the girl was, she seemed to be engrossed in her escape. Without any sign of noticing Monica and the others, she quickly dashed into the depths of the forest immediately after her feet touched the ground.

The three had only caught a glimpse of the figure's long, pale blonde hair. The robes she wore seemed to be that of a female priest, so she seemed to be someone from the temple.

As Monica and the others watched the figure disappear into the forest, the central door of the temple swung open with great force. Out came a middle-aged male priest.

"Rosey! Rosey! Where are you going!? The lord is about to... Ah..."

The priest froze for a few seconds in an incredibly awkward position, before straightening his posture and putting on a strained smile.

"Hello there, Your Lordship. What business brings you here today?"

"The Sage and the musician have just arrived in town, so I wanted to introduce them to the Songstress... However, I just saw a girl jump out of a window like a monkey a few moments ago. I really hope she wasn't the Songstress."

"N-No, of course not. Songstress Rosey Moore is currently inside the temple!"

The priest was so visibly flustered that even Monica could tell. He was clearly avoiding eye contact, and beads of sweat had formed on his face despite the fair weather.

"It's just that the Songstress is currently, uh, dealing with some stomach pain. Can I ask you to come back another..."

However, the priest's excuses were interrupted by a singing voice echoing from the forest. It was the voice of a young girl, with beautiful high notes.

*——"City-raised lord, sprawling back in his seat. Still unaware of the Songstress's death ♪."*

*——"City-raised lord, hears the truth with a pale face. Finally learning the Songstress's death ♪."*

At this point, the blood had completely drained from the priest's face. He was trembling all over and averting his eyes.

Monica timidly looked up at Elliott. All the emotion had vanished from his face, yet an eerie blend of disgust and anger gleamed in his eyes.

"...Seems like there's a rare bird singing over there. I'll go take a look."

The middle-aged priest let out a faint whimper, attempting to stop Elliott. However, Benjamin was standing in his way.

"Excuse me, I am the musician Benjamin Mordin! Is there a piano or organ in this temple? There is, right? Please allow me to play a trial piece——oh, if possible, let's set it up outside just like in the actual performance! The acoustics indoors and outdoors are completely different, after all."

While the priest was fending off Benjamin's onslaught of questions, Elliott continued into the depths of the forest.

Monica hesitated for a moment, glancing between Elliott and Benjamin, but ultimately decided to follow Elliott.



