---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 108"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0108
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 108
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[V7C11] The Silent Witch Learns About Adult Consideration (It Was Very Educational)</h2>

Lionel was a tall man, so his steps were practically twice as long as Cecilia's.

However, he escorted Cecilia slowly and deliberately, adjusting his pace to match hers. The sight was reminiscent of a large beast carefully stepping around the flowers at its feet.

Cecilia glanced up at Lionel and thought to herself.

(...Is he taking me to his sleeping quarters?)

Having a relationship before marriage was frowned upon in some regions, but honestly, it was not uncommon among the upper echelons of the Empire.

The Black Lion Emperor, Cecilia's brother, would likely tell her to throw herself at Lionel if possible. He often said things along the lines of, "Use any tricks at your disposal."

(Aside from my title, all I have is my own body...)

In the Empire, Cecilia was often called the "Silver Moon Princess"——a transient existence that vanishes when the sun shines bright. The name praised her beauty, but also implied her lack of presence.

Her brother, Leonhart, was like a black sun that incinerated all that stood before him. Everything and everyone would pale in the face of his intense pressure. On the other hand, Cecilia did not have anything particularly outstanding aside from her title of Saintess.

While she possessed great beauty, she lacked charm. Her behavior was satisfactory, but not memorable.

...Such was the truth behind the so-called Silver Moon Princess.

"Princess Cecilia."

Lionel's words brought Cecilia back to reality.

He had paused in front of a beautiful corridor featuring glass windows. There was a spacious area with long benches up ahead.

Thanks to the lack of people and dim lighting, the stars were clearly visible through the windows.

"Please, have a seat."

Lionel gestured for Cecilia to sit on the bench, then took a seat beside her.

Despite his large stature, he sat somewhat uncomfortably at the edge of the bench. This allowed Cecilia plenty of personal space, but she felt somewhat guilty at the sight.

However, before she could ask him to come closer, Lionel opened his mouth again.

"I apologize for dragging you out."

Along with the apology, Lionel put his hands on his knees and bowed his head.

"But you looked pale, as if you were about to collapse... The fatigue from your long journey must have caught up with you. There's a room where you can rest just around the corner of this corridor. I'll inform the guards, so please rest up."

Cecilia widened her eyes.

Lionel's tone displayed his genuine concern for her well-being. There was no hint of any underlying intent.

Should she express her gratitude and accept the offer to rest? However, her reason for coming to Ridill was to make the engagement with Lionel a success. She could not simply ignore her duty and waste the rest of the night.

(...I must convey that I am fine.)

However, wouldn't refusing him be somewhat disrespectful after all the concern he has displayed? Cecilia thought desperately about the correct response.

She attempted to gauge Lionel's mood from his face and voice, choosing a safe response to avoid causing trouble. This was how Cecilia had lived her entire life.

But once she noticed how sincere Lionel was, the act of gauging his mood felt terribly wrong.

"Well then, I shall take my leave... If there's anything I can do, please feel free to ask at any time."

As Cecilia was stuck hesitating, Lionel stood up, offered a bow, then took his leave. All she could do was watch in silence.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

(S-So this is what adult consideration looks like...!)

After watching Lionel and Cecilia from the shadows, Monica was deeply impressed by Lionel's thoughtfulness. Surely, this was what Melissa meant by learning about the world of adults.

(Prince Lionel is amazing...)

As Monica offered the silent compliment, footsteps sounded from behind her.

She turned around to see a tall, black-haired man approaching. He was the escort from the Empire——Casper Hutter, the Dream Mage.

Monica straightened her posture, as Hutter stopped to glare at her.

"I apologize for my delayed greeting. I am the Dream Mage, Casper Hutter."

"...I'm the Silent Witch, Monica Everett..."

In response to Monica's greeting, Hutter scoffed with disdain. Despite allegedly offering an apology, he did not seem the least bit sorry.

Behind the glasses, his eyes radiated obvious hostility and contempt. Monica had clearly earned his resentment during the incident earlier.

"I see Ridill allows children to join the Seven Sages."

"..."

"I wonder why His Imperial Majesty designated a child as the escort."

Monica was used to being looked down upon, so this didn't offend her in the slightest. However, Hutter's words reminded her of something.

She was here as one of the Seven Sages, nominated by the Black Lion Emperor himself. If she were to behave disgracefully, that would be causing trouble for the other Sages.

Thus, Monica clenched her fists and looked up at Hutter to respond.

"R-Right. I have been chosen by the Emperor, so..."

Her heart beat loud and her clenched hands were moist with cold sweat. Even so, Monica took a deep breath and spoke her words carefully to avoid biting her tongue.

"This is my job... I will fulfill my duties as Cecilia-sama's escort. I look forward to working with you."

Without any response, Hutter simply continued staring down at Monica.

Her face must look awful right now. There was no way she could pull off a confident smile like Melissa.

Even so, Monica looked back at Hutter without averting her eyes.

Just how much time passed during their silent staredown?

"...Hutter? And Silent Witch-sama too...?"

It only ended when they were interrupted by the gentle voice of Cecilia. Her eyes shifted anxiously between Monica and Hutter, likely because she was cautious about a repeat of the incident from earlier.

The Dream Mage bowed to Cecilia and explained in a calm tone.

"I was just offering my apologies for the delayed greeting to Silent Witch-dono."

"...I see."

Cecilia nodded and gestured toward one of the rooms in the corridor. This was the room Lionel had offered for Cecilia to rest.

"I will be taking a short rest in that room. Also..."

Along with a short pause, Cecilia turned her gaze to Monica.

As Monica considered whether or not she should stand guard outside the room, Cecilia continued with an unexpected invitation.

"Silent Witch-sama... Would you join me for a little chat?"

Apparently, Cecilia wanted to privately discuss something with Monica. This realization caused Monica to break into a cold sweat.

(S-She's definitely going to scold me for the commotion earlier...!)

Of course, Monica was in no position to refuse. All she could do was say, "Certainly," while trembling in fright.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Cecilia invited Monica into the guest room, which was an elegant space decorated with furniture in various shades of white and blue.

Rather than sitting on the sofa, Cecilia stood at the back of the room, her eyes focused on Monica. After entering, Monica attempted to shut the door behind herself, catching a glimpse of the Dream Mage while doing so.

His sharp gaze caused her to flinch slightly as she closed the door.

"Silent Witch-sama."

"Y-Yes!"

Monica tensed up as Cecilia called on her, in anticipation of the incoming scolding.

However, contrary to Monica's expectations, Cecilia's expression was not stern in the slightest. Rather, the princess was lowering her head in apology.

"A mage from our country has done something incredibly rude to you. I sincerely apologize from the bottom of my heart."

This unexpected turn of events left Monica dumbfounded. Honestly, she thought the Ridill side——or more specifically, Melissa——had been much ruder.

Monica attempted to say, "Please raise your head," but paused once she realized that Cecilia's hands were trembling slightly. In addition, her lowered face was deathly pale. She clearly looked unwell.

"...Cecilia-sama, um, are you okay?"

In response to Monica's question, Cecilia shook her head despite her pained expression.

"I'm very sorry... It's nothing serious, really..."

"But, your face is so pale... C-Could it be poison...!?"

Even if Cecilia was actually poisoned or experiencing some kind of sudden illness, Monica was not a doctor. She could do little on her own.

Intending to call for help, Monica approached the doorknob. However, Cecilia rushed over and clung to her arm, shouting.

"No! Hold on! ...Please w-wai..."

The desperate-looking Cecilia cut off her words and groaned in pain. She knelt on the ground, holding her stomach above her dress.

After a few pained breaths, Cecilia looked up at Monica with teary eyes and explained in a strained voice.

"This is no poison or illness... I'm just always like this..."

"Huh?"

"My stomach starts aching after every social event... Sometimes, I even end up vomiting everything I ate... I know, it's pathetic."

Apparently, Cecilia had interpreted Monica's dumbfounded reaction as exasperation.

Cecilia covered her face with her slender hands and bowed her head.

"...I'm sorry. There is no way someone like me can be Crown Princess... It's only natural for those from Ridill to be disgusted by me..."

"Um, wait."

Monica interjected, causing Cecilia to look up with her tear-stained face.

Though occasionally stumbling over her words, Monica said everything that came to her mind.

"I'm also, erm, really bad at being in public... During the Seven Sages interview, um... I had a panic attack and fainted... So, I understand how you feel, Cecilia-sama..."

After blurting all this out, Monica froze, realizing she had said something incredibly disrespectful.

She was a commoner, and Cecilia was royalty. The burdens on their shoulders were not comparable.

How could she possibly understand Cecilia's feelings? Monica felt ashamed of herself for even considering it.

(Ugh... I-I want to disappear...)

Monica blushed bright red and began twiddling with her fingers. Meanwhile, Cecilia started murmuring with her eyes downcast.

"...I've had a few panic attacks too. Of all the times, it had to happen during my brother's... His Majesty's birthday celebration... I managed to hide it from the other guests, but he was quite taken aback."

After getting this secret off her chest, Cecilia's complexion improved ever so slightly.

"...Honestly, I don't want to be in public. I'd rather be knitting lace in my room..."

Monica found herself nodding unconsciously.

"But Cecilia-sama, you're amazing. You greeted the King with such confidence... way better than I ever could..."

After saying that, Monica suddenly lifted her head and covered her cheeks with both hands.

Cecilia grew puzzled at the odd gesture, so Monica hurriedly explained.

"Um, you see... whenever I say someone is '*better than me*'... I get pinched on the cheek!"

Cecilia tilted her head in surprise.

"...By whom?"

"By Onee-san..."

In fact, Monica was mercilessly pinched just a little while ago.

Monica rubbed her cheek, now remembering the pain from earlier. Meanwhile, a small chuckle could be heard. Upon closer inspection, Cecilia was covering up a laugh.

Drawn by her laughter, Monica also let out a slightly awkward chuckle.



