---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 95"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0095
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden6
chapter: 95
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 6: Yearning for White Snow"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett**

The Silent Witch who did a sneaky move. Currently, she is diligently thinking of excuses for when Cyril mentions the glass bead she secretly placed in his pocket.

"M-My hands slipped... Um, I mean, it's a prank of the wind... That sounds even worse..."

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley**

The young heir of Marquis Highown. Performed the feat of establishing a simultaneous contract with a legendary white dragon and greater spirit. He considers them as pets in need of training.

Secretly excited about being able to feed cats now that his chilliness has improved.

A few days later, he sent the Roseberg siblings a gift of splendidly crafted woven goods. Along with work, of course.

<br/>

**Melissa Roseberg**

The amazing big sister who is capable of Spirit King Summoning, in addition to her talents for making magical potions and manipulating plants.

"My Spirit King Summoning has a success rate of 70%, but there's no need to mention that. Women are all about courage."

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg**

The seemingly insensitive, though not completely unaware Fifth Thorn Witch.

A prodigy among all the successive Thorn Witches, and only one capable of reproducing the First Thorn Witch's Man-Eating Rose Fortress.

Not fond of heights.

<br/>

**Ashelpikeh**

A greater spirit of ice. She continued her contract with Cyril.

Usually in the form of a weasel, but she thinks pretending to be Cyril's scarf is fun. Cyril thinks she should come down and walk.

<br/>

**Thule**

The white dragon dwelling in Mount Kalug, also known as the White Dragon of Kalug.

He entered into a master-servant contract with Cyril, which supplies him with enough mana to sustain his life.

He thinks it's convenient to ride on Cyril's shoulder in weasel form. Cyril thinks he should come down and walk.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker**

The prince who seems to be at a loss for various things. Currently looking for a friend to talk about love troubles.

<br/>

**Nero**

The Black Dragon of Worgan, who just made his masquerade debut. Recognizes Yuan and Heidi as "Creepy" and "Eyebrows" respectively.

"Because that guy had a creepy way of talking. And Eyebrows is just Eyebrows, after all."

---

Q: How old are the spirits?

A: The ages of the greater spirits appearing in this work are not accurately remembered by the spirits themselves.

In order, Ashelpikeh (Pikeh) > Rynzbelfied (Ryn) > Wildianu (Wil). The older the age, the stronger their powers.

Generally, human common sense does not apply to spirits.

A certain laid-back maid, despite her appearances, is making efforts to get along with humans. The youngest, Wildianu, only understands human common sense the most because Queen Irene was a woman of great character.

Back when Wildianu first contracted with Queen Irene, his misunderstandings resulted in many unintentional gags.

<br/>

Q: Will ___ make a reappearance?

A: The main characters of the main story are scheduled to reappear to some extent. Some are already in the warm-up stage.

For example, the musician who proudly ranks first in the "ranking of characters whose dialogue is challenging to write."

<br/>

Q: What will happen to Ike? Please save Ike...! Isn't Ike too pitiful!?

A: He will work very, very hard from now on, so please support him.

<br/>

Q: When will the missing seat in the Seven Sages be filled?

A: Despite all of Mr. Lunpapa's (Louis) grumbling during his solo assignments, he is actively searching for candidates.

It is expected to be decided before Raul goes abroad, so please wait a little longer.

*The Seven Sages: Now recruiting!*<br/>
*Wouldn't you like to try a rewarding job together?*<br/>
*Uniform (robes) provided.*<br/>
*Your friendly coworkers will provide thorough guidance, making it a homely workplace.*<br/>
*~Sincerely, the Barrier Mage, Mage Count Louis Miller~*



