---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 6"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0006
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden0
chapter: 6
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
noheader: true
comments: true
notes: "Various Side Stories"
---
<h2>[Setting/Region Info]</h2>

**[Regarding the regional characteristics of the Ridill Kingdom]**

※ Names in parentheses indicate individuals from that region.

★ Central (Monica, Cyril, Elliott, Claudia, Neil, Glenn, Benjamin, Raul, Ray, Mary)

Region containing the capital, Ridill Kingdom Castle, Serendia Academy, and Minerva.

Also included in this area are the Roseberg residence of the Thorn Witch, and the Albright mansion of the Abyss Shaman.

Being central doesn't mean all of it is urban. There are many pastoral regions, and Neil's hometown is a rural hilly area.

Even among those from the central region, there are differences in customs based on whether they are closer to the east or west.

<br/>

★ East (Isaac, Isabelle, Casey)

Located near the border with the Empire. There are many lords with a powerful military due to frequent dragon attacks.

Since they suffer so many casualties to the dragons, they are always on guard for attacks. Many harbor grudges toward them.

People from the east are said to be fond of alcohol, and there are many heavy drinkers among them.

Characteristics include a preference for bean dishes, a liking for meat, a familiarity with herbs rather than spices.

Many maintain a strong connection to family and friends, with somewhat more physical contact than in other regions, possibly due to the prevalence of dragon attacks.

<br/>

★ West (Lana, Bridget, Bernie, Clifford)

Due to its proximity to the sea, this region has active trade and is very industrious.

The people are known for being bright, cheerful, and sociable, with many outgoing merchants.

Due to the prevalence of merchants, people from the west often speak quickly and easily get impatient.

They tend to encourage their children to go on journeys, and there is a lot of support for children's independence and studying abroad.

<br/>

★ South (Elianne ← somewhat towards the east, Hubert, Bradford)

The most agriculturally active region in Ridill Kingdom. Due to the warm climate, people are said to be generous and relaxed.

Trade with Falfolia is particularly active.

<br/>

★ North (Louis)

More sparsely populated rural areas than the east.

Not a comfortable place to live due to the cold climate. Therefore, it is said to be main destination for those expelled for political reasons or those who lost their homes to dragon attacks. There is a significant wealth gap, and this region is particularly known for poor security within Ridill.

In the north, each settlement has a unique dialect, and even among people from the same region, it is not uncommon for their accents to be entirely different.

Although Ridill has well-developed water control projects, the north is still lacking in aqueducts and running water, so many areas drink weak alcohol instead of water. That is part of the reason there are so many heavy drinkers.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

South = Known for being generous and relaxed → Hubert Dee's hometown

West = Bright, cheerful, and sociable merchants → Clifford Anderson's hometown

As can be understood from the above, regional characteristics do not necessarily apply to all individuals from that region.

Sazandol, where Monica lives, is in the west. The Erin Territory, ruled by Isaac, is located further south from there.

While the Erin Territory may not have as large a port as Sazandol, it has small, beautiful towns with great views of the sea


