---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 114"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0114
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden7
chapter: 114
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 7: Silver Moon Princess of the Empire"
---
<h2>[V7C17] The Future Sage</h2>

Approximately three weeks had passed since Einhard's encounter with the fire dragon.

While Einhard's squad was not assigned to dragon hunting, they still had plenty of work, such as escorting important figures, guiding evacuations, and so on.

One night, after the busy period was over, Einhard slipped away from the camp. He intended to let out some steam at a familiar establishment.

Glancing around to ensure no one was present, Einhard began walking. However, a voice rang out above his head.

"Pardon me, Einhard Berger-dono."

The words were spoken in the language of Ridill.

Looking up, Einhard saw the figure of the delinquent mage with chestnut hair tied into a ponytail.

The mage flipped his cloak and silently descended to the ground.

Without bothering to conceal his disdain for the unpleasant encounter, Einhard stuck out his lower lip and responded in the language of Ridill.

"Oh, if it isn't the delinquent mage from the other day. Have you come to compensate me for my sword?"

The sword wasn't a standard issue from the knight order; it had been brought in from his family, so it was worth a decent amount of coin.

However, the delinquent mage simply scoffed at Einhard's words.

"Quite an attitude toward the man who saved your life. By the way, it seems I have yet to introduce myself. I am Louis Miller of the Ridill Magic Corps."

"You can skip the introductions. About my sword..."

"You see, Berger-dono. I have a favor to ask of you."

Apparently, the delinquent mage had no intention of providing compensation. In fact, he even had the audacity to ask for a favor.

Einhard put on a deliberately condescending and malicious smile.

"Oh, and what might that be?"

"Berger-dono, I would like you to show me a restaurant you frequent."

"...Huh?"

Had he really come all this way to ask Einhard for a recommendation on Imperial cuisine?

As Einhard tilted his head, Louis explained with a cheerful smile.

"A pampered boy like you knows how to smooth things over by slipping a bit of coin, right? ...I'm sure you know of a restaurant where secrets can be kept under wraps."

"You think I'm the sort of rich kid who plays around all night? Well, you'd be spot on."

After all, he was just about to visit such a place.

Einhard reconsidered Louis's words. Judging by what he said, it seemed he wanted to entertain a VIP incognito...

"Could this be for Prince Lionel? The rumors say he's on suspension..."

Lionel, the First Prince of Ridill, had rushed to save Einhard's squad in their time of need. Nevertheless, his actions violated the rules of the knight order.

Even if he was currently serving as a member of the knights, Lionel was royalty, and royalty were not allowed on the dangerous front lines. He had been ordered to wait in a safe location.

But that was when he learned about Einhard's encounter with the dragon.

Days after the incident, Einhard had heard that all the squads skilled in dragon hunting were on different assignments, leaving only the inexperienced ones left.

Given the circumstances, the higher-ups of the Imperial Knights were reluctant to confront the highly dangerous fire dragon. Thus, they did nothing to help Einhard's squad.

By using the excuse of holding a meeting to buy time, they waited for news of the squad's total annihilation. After all, there was no need to send reinforcements to rescue dead people.

Unable to bear this, Lionel had rushed out to save them.

The prince had brought the cart to transport the injured because he fully believed in their survival.

Of course, Lionel's actions went against orders, which was an obvious violation of military discipline. Hence, he was placed under suspension.

For Einhard, Lionel was a lifesaver (the delinquent mage in front of him was one too, but he conveniently ignored that fact).

Einhard was ready and willing to take Lionel to his favorite place. That said...

"I can't imagine the serious-looking Prince Lionel letting loose while under suspension."

Einhard frowned at the thought, but Louis shrugged his shoulders and grinned, revealing a glimpse of his teeth.

Making an inappropriate expression that didn't match his refined appearance, Louis explained.

"But you see, I am in the mood to take a friend out and let loose."

"Oh? Sounds perfect. Hey, let me join in."

Einhard considered the man in front of him a delinquent mage, but to tell the truth, he was a rather delinquent knight too.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

And so, the delinquent mage Louis Miller half-dragged Prince Lionel out of his suspension, and the two followed Einhard to the restaurant.

The place had everything that Louis could ask for: the staff knew how to keep their mouths shut, they were given a private room, and the food and drinks were delicious——truly the perfect location.

But for some reason, Louis looked more uneasy than the forcibly brought Lionel.

Seated on a sofa in the private room, Louis scowled at Einhard immediately after the waitress left to fetch their drinks.

"...Berger-dono."

"Yeah? What's up? Has one of the girls caught your eye?"

"Who said to take us to a brothel?"

In response to Louis's extreme discontent, Einhard merely tossed a grape into his mouth and tilted his head.

"This is what it means to let loose, right?"

"If I may be permitted a question, how old are you again?"

"16."

Louis put a hand to his forehead as if suppressing a migraine.

Einhard had heard that Lionel was 19, and Louis looked to be about the same age.

"You guys are older than me, so why so much fuss about a brothel? Don't tell me it's your first time in one or something."

Einhard teased the two with a sly smile, and Lionel, who still looked dejected, spoke up in Louis's defense.

"Berger-dono, Louis has a woman he's set his heart on. Please do not mock him for that."

"What? That's exactly the sort of thing you're supposed to tease people about. Hey, Miller. You into boobs or ass? Personally, I love a good pair of legs."

In the face of Einhard's energetic questioning, Louis groaned and scowled again.

"I am quite taken back that you dare to use such foul language in the face of foreign royalty."

"Well, if you want to liven up a drinking party fast, dirty jokes are the way to go. Or what? Are you going to show off some hidden talents to entertain us?"

In response to Einhard's proposal, Louis put on a refined smile that seemed completely out of place. Then, he clenched and opened his right hand repeatedly.

Louis's knuckles made a loud crack, and his leather gloves creaked under the strain.

"It just so happens that I possess the ability to crush an apple with one hand."

"Not a very mage-like talent, huh? Either way, it sounds entertaining enough."

"Since there are no apples available, may I borrow your head, Berger-dono?"

Einhard rang the bell on the table and shouted, "Apples! Bring us apples! ASAP!"

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

The waitress brought them an array of fruits along with their drinks, thereby keeping Einhard's head intact.

Usually, she would sit next to Einhard and pour him drinks. However, Einhard gestured for her to leave, and she quietly left the room after making a slight pouting face.

Seeing this, Louis murmured, "I see, this is indeed quite the understanding establishment."

"Yeah, they'll come right away if you ring the bell, and you can even enjoy their services in a separate room if you want," Einhard replied.

But surely, such activities had nothing to do with why Louis was here. The delinquent mage just wanted to give his dejected friend a chance to drink and vent his frustrations.

Louis poured a drink into a glass and pushed it toward Lionel. Though Lionel accepted the glass, he merely uttered a few words instead of partaking.

"...Louis, I apologize for making you worry."

"No need. I am simply here because I felt like letting loose."

Louis responded casually, then plucked an apple from the tray. Rather than crushing it, he gnawed at the apple like a normal person.

The man's pretentious airs irritated Einhard beyond measure, but the rough gestures he occasionally showed seemed strangely fitting.

(That rough side seems more genuine.)

As Einhard pondered the subject, Lionel lowered his head into a deep bow.

"Berger-dono, I apologize for involving you in this."

"Nah, I was planning to come here anyways. Besides..."

Einhard stood up from his chair and knelt in front of Lionel, offering the greatest respect a knight can give.

"Even if your actions went against orders, that does not change the fact that you saved the lives of my squadmates. I express my heartfelt gratitude, Prince Lionel."

"Raise your head, Berger-dono. I..."

Lionel paused his words with a grimace on his face. He furrowed his thick eyebrows, which looked as big as caterpillars.

"...I am a fool who violated orders due to a lack of control over my emotions. I knew full well how much trouble I would cause by going to the front lines, but I did so regardless... And as a result, I exposed Louis to great danger."

Apparently, Louis had rushed to the scene once he heard about Lionel's actions, chasing after him with flight magic. In the end, Louis managed to surpass Lionel and reach the dragon first.

Louis stuck out his tongue, spitting out a few apple seeds, then gave Lionel a sideways glance.

"Well, since I have been meaning to score additional dragon subjugations, I cannot possibly complain."

Defeating a dragon alone brought rewards and, more importantly, enhanced one's prestige.

Einhard, who was still kneeling in front of Lionel, rudely interjected with a whistle.

"The huge salary from the Magic Corps isn't enough? How greedy can you get?"

"I am saving up to buy a house in the capital, you see."

Louis shrugged and poured liquor into his own glass before continuing.

"Your Highness, I am well aware that you have no fondness for schemes and calculations. Please, leave such cunning matters to someone like me. It's all about putting the right person in the right place."

"But that is..."

"All you need to do is hold your chest high and follow your heart. Allow me to take care of the rest."

"Even if that puts my friend in danger?!"

Einhard saw it. At the mention of the word "friend," the corner of Louis's lip curled upwards slightly.

Louis narrowed his ashen-purple eyes, raised his slender chin, and put on an arrogant smirk.

"——Who the hell do you think I am, Lionel?"

Before continuing, Louis overwrote his smirk and rough language with a graceful smile.

"You are speaking to a future Sage, you know?"

Einhard couldn't help but burst into laughter.

"Hah! A sage, you say! Quite some big talk there!"

"Oh, but it will happen, Berger-dono. Perhaps you should treat me with respect starting now?"

"Yeah, sure. Future Sage, please compensate for my sword."

"In your dreams."

Next to the bantering Einhard and Louis, Lionel tousled his bangs and smiled with swollen, reddened eyes.

"...Thank you, Louis."

"You are very welcome."

Though Louis's reply sounded indifferent, there was no hiding his good mood.

---

A few years later, Louis's dream home was damaged when his disciple accidentally crashed into it with flight magic. Needless to say, he grabbed said disciple by the face and chucked him back out the window.

"How do you like this for flight magic?"



