---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 340"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0340
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden13
chapter: 340
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 13: Secrets of the Silent Witch"
---
<h2>[V13C27.1] Interlude: A Beloved Monster</h2>

This happened one year after the King of Ridill took his second wife, Irene. The first wife Wilma invited Irene to a private tea party.

At the time, Wilma was twenty-six years old, and Irene was nineteen.

Wilma was a woman with auburn hair, with an appearance best described by the word 'rugged'. She was by no means an exceptional beauty, and she had a muscular physique due to training with the blade since childhood.

On the other hand, Irene was the complete opposite. She looked like a dainty princess who had stepped right out of a fairy tale.

Her glossy golden hair and aqua-colored eyes filled any room with the warmth of the spring sun. Just a glimpse of her gentle smile would soften anyone's mood.

Yet at the same time, she also possessed grace and a quick wit. Despite her young age, she had even accomplished the impressive feat of contracting a greater spirit.

Irene was essentially the perfect lady who possessed everything that Wilma lacked.

Most importantly of all, she had the backing of her father, Duke Crockford, one of the most powerful figures in Ridill.

It was strange for the king to take another wife so soon after Wilma gave birth to the First Prince. This was clearly due to Duke Crockford's intervention.

(Meanwhile, I have few allies since marrying into Ridill.)

Many palace nobles, including important ministers, worked to isolate Wilma and block her from contacting Irene.

As a result, Wilma had to make countless attempts at indirect invitations before this tea party could be realized.

At the tea table, Wilma sat up with perfect posture as she fixed her eyes on Irene.

"Irene-sama, there's something I wish to discuss with you."

"Oh? What might that be?" Irene asked with a graceful smile.

Her face radiated the same warmth that one might feel when being embraced. Surprisingly, she showed no sign of fear or tension under Wilma's stern gaze.

"Let me be frank with you," Wilma continued. "I desire peace between Ridill and my home country of Randall. That is all I ask for."

Wilma's son, First Prince Lionel, was currently first in line for the throne. However, the line of succession would grow complicated if Irene gives birth to a son. It might even cause a factional divide among the nobles of Ridill.

In that case, Wilma knew that she would be at a disadvantage. Even now, ten years after her marriage, she did not have many allies in Ridill.

Her lack of allies became especially prevalent after Irene's marriage as second wife. After all, Irene was the daughter of Duke Crockford, giving her access to her father's entire base of supporters.

Thus, Wilma had little choice but to steel herself.

Wilma loved her son as much as any other mother, but she did necessarily want him to be king.

However, what if Irene gives birth to a son? And what if that son follows Duke Crockford's guidance and starts a war with Randall?

To prevent the worst possible outcome, Wilma was prepared to abandon her heart and push for Lionel as king.

"Please tell me your thoughts on this matter, Irene-sama."

Wilma exuded enough pressure to make an adult man flinch, but Irene's smile did not waver.

"I thank you for being so sincere with me, Wilma-sama," Irene replied. "Please allow me to speak from the heart as well."

Irene aqua-colored eyes locked onto Wilma, and her glossy lips maintained her usual smile as she continued.

"When I was a child, people often called me the Curiosity Monster."

Wilma froze for a moment as she tried to comprehend Irene's words, but ultimately, she failed to decipher their meaning.

"...Excuse me?"

"I was often called the Curiosity Monster," Irene repeated in the same polite tone as before. "You see, I can't be satisfied unless I investigate everything that piques my interest. Thanks to that, I've become a master of trivia. The field of magecraft was particularly fascinating, and I even got to contract a spirit."

Wilma was shocked. How could the seemingly perfect noble lady be called the 'Curiosity Monster'?

"H-How disrespectful!" Wilma exclaimed, unable to hold back her surprise. "Were they not punished for such behavior?"

"Oh? I am actually quite fond of the nickname."

Irene let out a girlish chuckle, unbefitting her age, as she poked the tips of her fingers together.

"More importantly, the Curiosity Monster is now very interested in you, Wilma-sama."

"I-I am trying to have a serious conversation here!"

"Of course, I am also completely serious."

Irene brought her hands to her lips, forming a mischievous smile behind the arch of her fingers.

"There is so much I want to learn about you," Irene continued. "How about a secret alliance between us? That way, we can have as many tea parties as we want."

Wilma widened her eyes at the unexpected proposal. This came completely out of the blue.

"But you refused all my invitations over the past year. Weren't you avoiding me?" Wilma asked.

"The ministers did that on their own. I really wanted to make today's tea party happen, so I pulled a few strings behind the scenes."

Irene glanced at the young, silver-haired maid standing at the wall.

The maid returned a slight bow with a somewhat troubled expression. She seemed to be someone that Irene trusted.

Irene returned her gaze to Wilma and continued with her usual smile.

"I believe we need to talk... about the future of this country and the future of my child."

<br/>

From that day onward, Wilma and Irene had many tea parties together.

The two talked about various subjects. The future of Ridill and Randall. The state of Ridill's magecraft. Randall's newest technology. Irene's self-proclaimed mastery of trivia. Wilma's swordsmanship.

This included everything from childhood memories to gossip about the minister's suspected wig.

Then, one year later, Irene gave birth to Second Prince Felix and passed away.

Apparently, she had chosen to give birth despite knowing that it would be a life-threatening delivery.

Upon receiving the report, Wilma mourned her younger friend who shared the same husband, and even broke down in tears in private.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

"Wil."

The water spirit Wildianu snapped back to reality, sensing his master tapping him through a layer of fabric.

In the past, Wildianu was carried around in the necklace of a certain woman, but his current master hid his contract stone in a pocket watch.

Wildianu transformed into a white lizard and peered out of the pocket to see his current master, Isaac Walker, with a troubled look on his face.

Today was the award ceremony for those who helped defeat the Black Dragon of Sazandol.

Apparently, Isaac had left his seat as Second Prince to speak with Wildianu in the corridor.

"It seems our troublesome Leader has gotten himself lost. Can you lend him a hand?" Isaac asked.

"Understood."

The troublesome Leader referred to Silas Page the Dragon Slayer Mage, the man of honor in today's ceremony. They would be unable to progress with him absent.

Wildianu slid down the corridor in lizard form.

On the way, he spotted the flustered Monica Everett and informed her that he was leaving the venue to search for Silas.

Wildianu's abilities were not particularly suited for finding people, but he had a good understanding of the palace's layout. This included many paths that were too small for humans, so he was actually more knowledgeable than the average servant.

During his contract with Irene, he had used this knowledge to contact Wilma and schedule their secret tea parties.

(Wilma-sama is the only living human who knows my previous appearance...)

And right now, Wilma was present at the ceremony venue.

Her auburn hair was now streaked with white, but her gaze remained as sharp as ever. Wildianu felt a sense of nostalgia when he saw her earlier today.

(Oh?)

Wildianu heard a set of heavy footsteps approaching from behind. There were not many people who dared to run through the palace like that.

He turned around to see Silas running full speed down the corridor with a panicked look.

Wildianu had found the man he was looking for. Now, the question was how to approach him.

During the battle in Saznadol, Silas had witnessed Wildianu in lizard form. However, he was not privy to Isaac's identity as the Second Prince.

(It would be best to hide my identity, if possible.)

If he called out to Silas in lizard form, then Silas would suspect that Isaac was in the palace.

In addition, Silas was working with Isaac on a certain project, so he might see Wildianu's human form in the future. Thus, Wildianu could not use his usual form as an attendant.

It would take additional time and mana to transform into a completely different form. And if he took too much time, Silas was likely to wander off again.

(In that case...)

Wildianu circled ahead of Silas and transformed into a young woman wearing a maid uniform. This was the form he often used when contracted to Irene.

His original hair color was a whitish-blue, which risked giving away his identity, so he manually adjusted it to silver.

(Ah, this feeling...)

His maid form had a different height than his male form, so viewing the corridor from this point of view felt strangely nostalgic.

——*Wil, a maid must walk differently from a man. Like this, see?*

His former contractor had kindly reproduced the walking styles of maids and attendants in front of him.

Wildianu unconsciously put on a small smile as he recalled his memories of the beautiful queen.



