---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 352"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0352
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden13
chapter: 352
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 13: Secrets of the Silent Witch"
---
<h2>[V13EX] Secret Episode: Secrets of the Silent Witch</h2>

This happened the day after the Sage Induction Ceremony. Monica Everett, the Silent Witch, had requested an audience with the King of Ridill, Ambrose Claydl Ridill.

The Seven Sages were often considered the king's advisers, but in reality, only the Starseer Witch offered advice on a regular basis.

When Monica requested an audience, she had expected to wait a month, or perhaps even several months. But her meeting was granted surprisingly soon, though the scheduled time was late at night.

Close to midnight, Monica waited in the designated reception room, until she heard a knock on the door. Then, King Ambrose entered the door by himself; all of his guard knights remained outside.

Ambrose lacked the regal and dominant presence expected of a ruler, but he had the calm and intellectual demeanor of a man in his fifties. It was easy to understand why the people admired him.

Ambrose Claydl Ridill would surely go down in history as a king who worked tirelessly to address the aftermath of their defeat at war.

Rather than aggressively brandishing the authority of the royal family, his political stance was aimed at appeasing the neighboring countries and domestic nobility. This was why some ridiculed his policies as "trying to cater to everyone" or "opportunistic."

He stood out compared to neighboring Black Lion Emperor and influential figures like Duke Crockford, known for their strong-handed approaches. In contrast, Ambrose tended to be perceived as a weak-willed king.

However, Monica knew the truth. She had caught a glimpse of his hidden determination two years ago, when he falsified an illness in order to maintain the balance of power.

Ambrose Claydl Ridill was a gentle reformer. He didn't rush things; he worked to change the old regime, gradually and discreetly.

"Thank you for taking the time to meet me, Your Majesty," Monica said, visibly nervous.

Ambrose returned a gentle nod and gestured for her to continue.

This reminded her of how Isaac behaved when acting like Felix. Ambrose was skilled at creating an easygoing atmosphere for conversation.

"I would like to discuss the treatment of Ike... Isaac Walker."

"I heard the incident has allowed him to recover his face," Ambrose replied.

Monica widened her eyes in surprise.

Only a few people knew Isaac's circumstances, and it didn't seem likely that Cyril or Glenn would mention it. Isaac had probably reported this to Ambrose himself.

Seeing Monica fall into silence, Ambrose muttered in a somewhat soliloquy-like tone.

"A diligent man. If he had the mind to, he could have run and attained his freedom."

"Yes, Ike is very earnest."

"I also heard that he is acting the role of your disciple."

Ambrose emphasized the word 'acting' as if to test Monica's intentions. In response, Monica straightened her back and met his aqua-colored eyes directly.

"I don't want to end it as a mere act."

How could she possibly allow that? Her disciple had a fervent desire to learn magic, so it was her job to let him.

"Your Majesty," Monica continued. "Please lend him your support so that he can live as Isaac Walker again."

Ambrose silently stroked his mustache in thought. However, Monica could tell that he had already reached a conclusion.

"It was you who decided to help him at the Supreme Council," Ambrose responded. "Therefore, it is your obligation to supervise him."

In sharp contrast to the stern word of 'obligation,' Ambrose maintained a gentle smile as he continued.

"I would be very reassured to see one of the Seven Sages taking him under her wing."

"Thank you very much, Your Majesty... If any issues arise as a result, I promise to take full responsibility."

"I doubt he would want that."

Monica thought the same. Surely, Isaac would not want her to take responsibility for him.

Nevertheless, Monica had already resolved herself. She was asking for something difficult, so this was her responsibility.

"Even so. I want to do things properly. After all..."

After a momentary pause, Monica smiled and made the declaration with pride.

"...I am Ike's master."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

After her meeting with the king, Monica left the reception room and descended the staircase on her way back to her guest room.

There, she bumped into a certain man.

"Lady Everett?"

It was Isaac, wearing the face of the Second Prince. His luxurious white coat was dazzling even in the dim light.

Monica quickly examined their surroundings. There was no one nearby.

"How about taking a stroll through the night?" Isaac asked.

"Erm, that's..."

"Just kidding. I'll escort you back to your room."

Isaac began walking alongside Monica.

He acted as royalty when in the palace, but the fact that he had no guards probably meant he was sneaking a peak at the night sky.

"Were you, um, taking a stroll?" Monica asked.

"No, I had a few things to work on. I'm not always playing around at night, you know?"

"S-Sorry..."

For some reason, Monica associated Isaac being alone with the night sky.

She glanced at him for a moment to see that he was not looking at the sky at all. In fact, he was staring directly at her.

"And what about you?" Isaac asked. "Working until this late hour?"

"Um, something like that."

The documents regarding the matter she discussed with the king were not ready, so it would be best to wait before telling him.

In that case, Monica wanted to organize an event to celebrate Isaac once the robe she ordered from Lana was complete.

Monica came up with this idea when she saw Isaac smiling during the ceremony, despite receiving no compliments from anyone. If there was no one to praise her disciple, then this was her job as master.

Meanwhile, Isaac put a playful smile on his princely face, bending down and whispering in Monica's ear.

"You seem to be hiding something, Master."

His tone was more teasing than interrogating. Surely, Isaac didn't think it was a dangerous secret.

However, the azure eyes under his golden eyelashes looked feverish and moist. This was backed by passionate emotions, something that couldn't be measured in numbers.

Monica lacked the ability to comprehend all the emotions directed toward her.

Maybe someday she will understand. Maybe she never wound.

But one thing was for certain, Monica was not going to ignore them anymore. Whether she could understand it or not, she resolved to take everything in and continue moving forward.

(I want to know more about you, so I can continue being your master.)

"Care to share what you're hiding with me?" Isaac asked.

Monica looked up at him and pressed a fingertip against her lips.

"It's a secret."

On the other side of the window was a tranquil night. The Silent Witch smiled quietly with the moonlight at her back. 





