---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 262"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0262
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden12
chapter: 262
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 12: Open the Gate"
---
<h2>[V12C4] Lana Colette Knew</h2>

Ray Albright the Abyss Shaman was sitting at the Branch Director's desk of the Sazandol Mage Association. Melissa had told him to, "take care of things while I'm out," leaving him with a massive headache.

"Ugh... This is impossible... How am I supposed to lead anyone...? Not like I can come up with strategies or tell people what to do... Why me...? Just let the Branch Director handle it like normal... A shaman is only good for cursing people and causing suffering..."

Ray was muttering complaints with his eyes shut tight.

All he could do was curse... and that would not save Frieda.

(What can a shaman even do...?)

Suddenly, Ray lifted his head. There was now a gleam in his pink eyes.

"That's it! A shaman is great at tormenting others... I just have to become the evil commander who torments Theodore Maxwell...! I'll use every means at my disposal to drive Theodore into a corner and grant him eternal suffering... Yes, now this is something I can do... Kukukuku...!"

Ray stared at the map and began brainstorming ways to torment Theodore.

Once he psyched himself up to be an evil commander, his head spun into full gear and he began scheming with a wicked smile.

Meanwhile, behind him, Silas carried Melissa through the window with flight magic. Ray was too immersed in his evil commander role to notice.

"Ugh, you reek of sweat, Dragon Slayer," Melissa muttered.

"I've been flying around all day, so that's normal. Down you go."

"Handle me with more care! Ladies should be treated like delicate glasswork!"

Even with the two bantering right behind him, the evil commander Ray remained oblivious. He continued drawing his scheme with a wicked smile.

"I'll place a trap here, then the Dragon Slayer Mage and Silent Witch will ambush him here... Kukukuku... Yes, this will work...! I'll make you suffer, Theodore Maxwell...!"

"Get out of my chair."

"Higyah!?"

Kicked by Melissa, the evil commander Ray Albright tumbled off the chair.

Melissa sat down on the chair he had been sitting, crossed her legs, then glanced over the plan Ray had been writing.

"Hmm? What's this? You were actually planning something? Pretty unusual for you."

Ray glared back at the woman who kicked him off his seat, but Melissa didn't seem to care at all. She picked up a quill and drew a huge X over Ray's strategy.

"Unfortunately, your plan has one fatal flaw. The Silent Witch has become useless."

"...Huh? What?"

"Her memories and mana were devoured by Gluttonous Zoe. She's completely useless now. I just sent President Colette of the Flux Company to take care of her."

Melissa's rough explanation caused Silas to frown.

"Thorn-neesan, you really shouldn't put it like that..."

"Then how would you put it? '*The Silent Witch is as broken as someone who got hit by mental interference magic, but she might be able to fight if she tries hard enough, so I'll drag her into the operation*'... Does that sound better to you?"

Melissa glared at Silas, causing him to flinch, before she continued.

"Calling her useless is the greatest mercy I can give."

Ray glanced up at Melissa from the floor. In essence, Melissa's decision of "the Silent Witch is useless" had the effect of distancing Monica from the battle. 

Melissa Roseberg was an unpleasant woman, but apparently, she had enough compassion to avoid dragging Monica into danger with her memories gone.

"...Without the Silent Witch, we need to adjust the entire operation..." Ray mumbled, still on the floor. "Her chantless magic is irreplaceable."

"I know. That's why the three of us will come up with a plan somehow. Slug, report what happened while I was gone! Dragon Slayer, take a bath before you stink up the room! Hurry it up!"

Ray couldn't help but think that the evil commander role suited this woman better.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Under the cover of night, the city felt eerily quiet.

Lana Colette rode a carriage headed towards Monica's house, anxiously fidgeting as she stared out the window.

Seated next to her was Karina, who also looked restless. But since Karina was generally restless, that was business as usual for her.

Lana glanced at Karina and apologized.

"Sorry about this, Karina. I didn't want to bring you outside when it's so dangerous..."

"No worries. Monica-chan is my friend too!"

Relieved to hear Karina's usual tone, Lana closed her eyes and contemplated what she needed to do.

They had escaped the black rain thanks to Bartholomew Alexander, the company's bouncer. After confirming the safety of her employees and servants, Lana chose to stay at the company instead of returning home.

Lana usually slept at her mansion in Sazandol's residential distraction. Now, however, she decided to stay on-site as company president for the current emergency.

Fortunately, their company had a kitchen and enough supplies to support the employees for about two weeks.

Lana was about to discuss her future plans with her secretary, Clifford, when the Fourth Thorn Witch, Melissa Roseberg, barged into the room.

Melissa kicked Clifford out, asked Lana for a non-disclosure agreement, then delivered the news.

"Sazandol's current state of emergency is due to an ancient artifact. After taking an attack from said artifact, Monica Everett had her memories and mana devoured. Currently, she's in a childlike state and can't even speak properly. She's especially afraid of men, so we need a woman to take care of her. Can you arrange for that? I've already spoken with her disciple, Isaac Walker."

Lana was bewildered.

An ancient artifact. She knew of their existence, of course. Unlike the magical tools of the modern era, ancient artifacts sometimes contained enough power to alter the course of history.

Apparently, the nightmarish scenes they had witnessed throughout the city were all caused by this artifact. In addition, it also deprived Monica of her memories and mana.

(At least Walker-san seems to be safe.)

This fact brought Lana a slight sense of relief. As long as Isaac was present, he would protect Monica using any means necessary.

However, there was also one thing bothering Lana. Why didn't Isaac use his position as the Second Prince?

If the situation had escalated into such a crisis, then this was the perfect time to exert his authority. He could always make the excuse that he was visiting Sazandol in secret to explain why he was here.

Even though he had renounced the right to succession, the nation would take serious action to solve a crisis involving a member of the royal family.

Regardless of her doubts, Monica took top priority. Lana immediately told Clifford that she was heading over to help Monica.

Clifford insisted on accompanying her, but according to Melissa, Monica was currently afraid of men.

"You can't come, Cliff. You'll only scare Monica if you're there!"

"Then what can you do, Lana? You've never taken care of anyone," Clifford retorted.

Lana fell silent, unable to counter. She was a purebred young lady who had been surrounded by servants since birth.

Of course, she had grown more independent after moving to Sazandol, away from her family. Even so, her daily affairs were still mostly left to the servants.

Lana could dress herself and style her hair, but she had no clue how to clean or handle a knife properly.

Clifford was completely right. Lana wouldn't be able to help Monica with anything.

However, that was when Karina broke in.

"In that case, I'll go too! I have experience as a pseudo-maid! And I'm worried about Monica-chan too! Is that okay, Clifford-san?"

After that, Clifford complained for a while before eventually giving in, arranging a carriage to Monica's house.

However, he handed Karina a pistol and an offensive magical tool, saying, "Use these without hesitation if something happens."

<br/>

Their carriage eventually arrived in front of Monica's house. Lana thanked the coachman, instructed him to return to the company, then turned to face the door.

Taking a deep breath, she knocked on the door with trembling hands.

(The Fourth Thorn Witch said that Monica lost her memories... Which means she's forgotten about me...)

Monica looking at her as if she were a stranger... Just the thought of that made Lana want to cry.

Lana clenched her fists.

(No, I won't cry. Monica and I are friends... We became friends once, so we can do it again.)

Even if Monica didn't remember her, Lana was certain they could become friends again.

All she needed to do was reintroduce herself. She had been rather cold the first time she spoke to Monica, so she could fix that into something a little nicer.

——*Nice to meet you, I'm your friend, Lana Colette!*

She would say that to Monica along with a perfect smile.

As Lana was gathering her determination, the door opened to reveal an unfamiliar-looking man.

Lana involuntarily took a step back.

She had assumed either Isaac or Bartholomew would be there to greet them, but the man behind the door was neither of them.

He was a young man with an intimidating face, and the right half of his face was covered with a black eyepatch. In terms of age, he seemed a bit older than Isaac.

While Lana was at a loss for words, the man glanced at Lana and Karina, then spoke in a stiff tone.

"I thank you for rushing over to help Monica, Miss Colette... I can understand your confusion, but it is me, Isaac Walker."

"...Eh?"

Lana widened her eyes, staring up at the man calling himself Isaac.

The Isaac Walker she knew possessed the face of Second Prince Felix Arc Ridill. He was kind and handsome, always seen wearing a pleasant smile. On the other hand, the man in front of her seemed to be the complete opposite, inhospitable and cold.

That said, his height, hairstyle, and voice did carry some resemblance to Isaac.

"Um...? Regarding your face..."

"There are some... circumstances. Please come inside."

Lana knew the events leading to Isaac Walker having the face of the Second Prince. Clearly, he had an original face that was different from Prince Felix's.

But the shower of black rain on the city, Monica losing her memories, Isaac losing Felix's face... Everything just seemed so unreal.

Lana understood that she wouldn't be told the entire story. Melissa mentioning the involvement of an ancient artifact was likely the greatest concession possible.

(Even so, I must do everything I can.)

The man calling himself Isaac seemed to be scrutinizing Karina. He did not know who Karina was, so he was probably unsure about how much to reveal.

(First, I need to confirm if this man is really Walker-san.)

Lana overwrote her tense expression with a smile.

"I heard that Monica is in trouble. How is her appetite? Can she eat her favorite foods?"

The man performed a wink with his left eye, uncovered by the eyepatch, indicating that he understood Lana's intention.

"...She won't touch her meals at all. I even tried making her favorite, fish soup and baked cookies with nuts."

"What about sautéed white fish?"

"I'm afraid we're out of lemon butter right now."

Next, Lana deliberately made a frightened expression.

"Walker-san, you seem very different today... You used to smile a lot more during our school days."

"I must apologize if I've frightened you. Can you please forgive me? You remember the time we taught Monica and Dudley-kun how to dance, as well as the barbecue afterwards, right?"

Upon hearing Lana's reference to their school days, the man immediately shared an episode that only a limited number of people would know.

(...He's the real deal.)

Since Karina was present, Lana could not ask about Isaac's circumstances.

However, he seemed to have lost the face of Prince Felix. In which case, it made sense when he did not use the authority of the Second Prince to assist in solving the crisis.

Lana straightened her back and looked right into Isaac's eyes as a gesture of apology for testing him.

"Walker-san, may I meet with Monica?" Lana asked.

"...Of course."

Isaac nodded and began climbing the stairs. Lana and Karina followed suit.

"Hey, eyepatch guy. Is Monica sleeping right now?" Karina asked.

"...No, I think she's still awake. But if possible, please don't be too loud."

Isaac stopped in front of Monica's room and knocked on the door. There was no response. 

Lana suppressed her anxiety and opened the door. She had planned to reintroduce herself with a smile.

But that flew out the window when she heard Monica muttering numbers in a flat, emotionless voice.

"...Monica?"

Lana called out her name, but Monica didn't turn around. She just kept muttering numbers and staring into the void.

That vacant expression and utter lack of emotion sent a chill down Lana's spine.

When Lana heard about Monica losing her memories, she had envisioned the Monica from when they first met. The girl had kept avoiding eye contact and flinched whenever someone spoke to her... but that was preferable to what they had now.

"Monica... Hey, Monica!"

Lana raised her voice, causing Monica to tremble and hesitantly turn around.

But upon noticing Isaac standing behind Lana, Monica began hyperventilating.

"Ugh, don't hurt me... I'm sorry, I'm sorry... 3027... 76104988...ugh... ah... 58824, 112..."

Despite her confusion, Lana understood what this really meant. Monica's eyes were not looking at Isaac, but the person responsible for driving her into this state. That much was obvious.

Behind the frozen Lana, Isaac mumbled in a hoarse voice.

"The current Monica seems to lack several years of memories. Probably because of..."

"I know..."

Lana squeezed out her voice.

Her head boiled with anger. There was a tingling sensation in her nose.

"I know... about Monica's back, about all those old scars... because I helped her change clothes so many times."

Isaac and Karina gasped. On the other hand, Monica simply kept muttering numbers.

After seeing her friend in this state, Lana couldn't help but scream.

"...Monica is a girl! She wants to be stylish! She wants to wear cute dresses! So why...!? Why!?"

She could no longer hold back the tears.

Lana had planned to maintain a smile in front of Monica, but she couldn't control her torrent of emotions.

As the tears streamed down her face, Lana stamped her feet and continued screaming.

"Who did this to Monica!? Stupid, stupid, stupid...!"

The sobbing Lana had failed to notice, but the stream of numbers had come to an end.

Monica was staring blankly at the girl crying for her sake.

This was the first time she stopped muttering numbers.



