---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 305"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0305
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden12
chapter: 305
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 12: Open the Gate"
---
<h2>[V12C47] The Kind Prince's Condemnation</h2>

The young prince stood there just as Isaac remembered him.

The faint smile on his adorable face seemed fragile, helpless, and melancholic at the same time.

Once Isaac realized that he was the one causing such an expression, a chill ran down his spine.

The realization came suddenly.

(Which face do I have right now?)

Assuming it stayed the same after the fall, it should still be Isaac Walker's face.

But what if... by some twist of fate...

What if he was exposing the face of the grown Felix Arc Ridill to the prince who died young? What a cruel and hideous act that would be.

Remaining on his knees, Isaac held Gluttonous Zoe to his chest with his left hand and covered his face with his right.

The sensation in his fingertips was incredibly dull, making it hard to discern by touch alone. However, he faintly made out a rough patch with the palm of his right hand.

In other words, there was a scar above his right eye. This meant he was wearing the face of Isaac Walker.

After a brief moment of relief, Isaac turned pale and covered the scar with his hand again.

Felix had only witnessed Isaac's scar only once, and the sight made him shed tears from his beautiful turquoise eyes. The young prince grieved over Isaac's wounds as if they were his own.

Ever since then, Isaac made every effort to conceal his scar and protect the prince's heart.

"Ike."

Felix called Isaac's name in a gentle and somewhat troubled tone.

However, Isaac felt as though there was a lump in his throat. His master and dear friend was calling out to him, so he had to respond. But how?

Isaac knew that he was making an awful face, that much he was sure of. How could he possibly show this face to Felix?

"Ike, why are you making that face?"

"...!"

Isaac's lack of a reply caused Felix to frown.

"Was I a painful memory to you?" Felix asked.

Hearing that caused Isaac's mind to go blank for a moment.

Then, a torrent of guilt came rushing to fill his empty head. First his guilt for being a failure of a servant, then his guilt being a failure of a friend.

How could he make his dear master and friend ask that question?

Meanwhile, the young Felix began trembling, as if on the verge of tears.

"Was I someone who forced you to make such a face?"

(No, no, no! That's not it, Arc!)

Internally, Isaac was screaming.

Why did the words not come out when he needed them most?

Isaac was desperately suppressing his sobs, so there was no way for him to speak properly.

"To me," Felix continued. "All the time I spent with you was gentle, warm, and happy... Those memories are my treasures."

The tears began overflowing from Felix's turquoise eyes.

"I don't want to be just a painful memory to you..."

Isaac was a failure of a servant, and an even bigger failure of a friend.

Ever since the day they first met, it had been his job to wipe away Felix's tears and put a smile on his face. Yet, he had done the exact opposite and made him cry.

"Arc... Arc... No, it's not like that..."

After a deep breath, Isaac squeezed out a few words.

This pitiful and pathetic response was the best he could do. He had grown into an adult, while Felix never got the chance.

"...The time I spent with you was a treasure," Isaac continued. "It meant more to me than anything. I didn't want to let it go... That's why I... I made a mistake."

The foolish servant had clung onto distorted memories and ruined his master's true wish.

He kept telling himself that he would fulfill Felix's wish, and carve the prince's name in history. For that righteous cause, any sacrifice could be made.

"...I, of all people, have tarnished your name."

Isaac was a sinner who sacrificed everything and accomplished nothing. But despite all the crimes he committed, despite all the people he trampled over, he was allowed to keep living. 

"I'm sorry, Arc... I... I'm sorry..."

Isaac could no longer do anything but apologize, despite knowing full well that his apologies would not make Felix smile.

Then, Felix began speaking in a stern voice.

"Ike... No, Isaac Walker. Lift your head."

The time for judgment had come.

Isaac lowered the hand covering his right eye and slowly raised his face.

Felix approached Isaac and placed his left hand in front of Isaac's right eye.

Then, his slender fingers clenched as if he was grabbing something, just barely touching the tip of Isaac's eyelashes.

For a moment, Isaac felt a sting in the depths of his right eye.

"This is the black star that has taken so many things from you," Felix continued. "I guess it was here the whole time."

Felix showed Isaac the small black star twinkling in his hand.

At first glance, Isaac understood. This was the physical manifestation of the 'fated loss' that had been tormenting him his entire life.

"I'll hold onto this for you. You don't have to lose anything anymore, so live out the rest of your life."

This 'fated loss' itself was 'half of the world' to Isaac. Now, Felix had taken it and sealed it away in his small hand. Then, the young prince raised his voice.

"Felix Arc Ridill commands you!"

This was the majestic voice of a true prince.

His turquoise eyes stared directly at Isaac, not allowing any falsehood or deception.

"Do not make me into your regret."

Could there be a kinder condemnation?

Isaac unconsciously raised his right hand and grabbed his bangs.

(See...? You really are the kindest prince of all time.)

Suppressing the urge to cry, Isaac knelt down, placed his hand on his chest, and bowed his head. These were going to be his final words as a loyal subject.

"...As you command, Your Highness."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

The two walked side by side through the eternal darkness.

Isaac made sure to narrow his stride, as his legs were far longer than Felix's.

The gap between the adult and the child was heartbreaking. If only they could have grown up together.

"This area is a sort of purgatory rather than the underworld," Felix explained. "Though it is technically under the Queen of the Underworld's jurisdiction."

"So I didn't pass through the gate to the underworld?" Isaac asked.

Felix nodded and pointed forward.

"That's right. The spiral staircase and the gate are over there. The actual underworld is on the other side of that gate, and the realm of the living is at the top of the staircase."

However, the direction Felix pointed at contained nothing but darkness. Isaac could not make out anything, much less a staircase or gate.

Isaac was still walking through the endless darkness, but at least he was no longer alone. He now had Felix at his side.

"This is the boundary between the realms of the living and the dead," Felix continued. "Anyone who wanders in is exposed to the aura of the dead, slowly withering away. Once they're unable to move, the gatekeeper takes them to the other side of the gate."

In other words, Isaac's struggle was leading him towards a gradual and unavoidable death. However, the gatekeeper would have almost certainly taken him away if he gave up and stopped walking.

(If this realm is the boundary, then...)

Isaac looked down at Felix, who was walking beside him.

Felix Arc Ridill was long dead, and the dead were supposed to be sleeping on the other side of the gate.

"...Are you really Arc?" Isaac asked.

"Currently, I am Felix Arc Ridill... but simultaneously a construct of the underworld. You can consider me a proxy of the Queen."

This made a surprising amount of sense to Isaac.

The living Felix was too young to use words like 'proxy' off the top of his head, so this explanation was coming from the 'construct' half.

Perhaps the Queen of the Underworld had used her powers to give a temporary role to the sleeping Felix. That sounded like a more accurate way of describing it.

Even so, Isaac didn't mind.

Just by listening to Felix's words, he could tell that this was the real Felix Arc Ridill.

<br/>

"You've grown big, Ike."

"Because I'm an adult now."

"So you can drink alcohol?"

"...Actually, I have to apologize to you regarding that."

"Huh?"

"Remember old man Kenneth who worked in the kitchen?"

"Yeah, he was always drinking."

"When I helped him in the kitchen, he would sometimes share the leftovers from meals."

"Right."

"The truth is, he also gave me a drink once."

"Eh...? Y-You have to refuse if you're underage, you know?"

"..."

"Oh, so you enjoyed it! Your face is saying it's fine because you enjoyed it!"

"Well, it was pretty enjoyable, so there's no helping it."

"Jeez!"

<br/>

"How is Bridget doing?"

"She's working as the Third Prince's diplomatic secretary. Should currently be on a business trip to Alpatra."

"T-That's so cool...!"

"Every time we meet, she gives me an incredible amount of work."

"So Bridget is really talented, huh?"

"...I can't deny that. She's so capable that I end up wanting her help."

<br/>

"About Elliott..."

"Can we skip that topic?"

"You still don't like him...?"

"That guy, who was so nasty to you, suddenly had a change of heart and started acting like you were best friends. Of course I don't like him."

"C-Can't you get along...?"

"Fine. The next time I entertain him, it will be with cinnamon cookies and bergamot tea, served with utmost courtesy."

"Come on..."

<br/>

As the two walked, they continued chatting about trivial subjects.

That said, there were actually a lot more things Isaac wanted to talk about.

About his crush, who was so cool and cute, the most wonderful master in the entire world.

About his reliable partner, who was always worried about him. This was a secret from him, but the movement of his tail was pretty funny when he's sulking.

About his bothersome rival in love. A stubborn guy who always refused to call Isaac by name.

About the interesting 'senpai' who loved meat and alcohol. They occasionally shared a drink together at night.

About his research partner for meat dishes. They sometimes exchanged recipes and cooked together. Isaac's repertoire expanded quite a bit thanks to him.

About the childhood friend he recently reunited with. The guy still treats Isaac like a younger brother. What a troublesome 'Leader'.

About the elderly woman next door, who was always kind to him. Since Isaac didn't have the chance to do anything for his parents, he wanted to help out that neighbor whenever possible.

About the trading company run by a very competent president, and her secretary who was always rude to him... And so on, and so on... 

But all those things could be saved for later.

For the next time he visited this realm.

Eventually, the staircase came into view.

It was a spiral staircase with a gentle slope, barely wide enough for two adults to walk side by side.

Isaac tried looking up, but everything was shrouded in darkness.

"My role ends here," Felix said, stopping and smiling at Isaac.

Isaac remembered that smile. There was no way he could possibly forget.

It was the same as Felix's last smile. The final smile he ever displayed in life.

Back then, Isaac was clueless. He had simply said "good night", not even doubting that his life with Felix would continue for years to come.

"Ike, let's say goodbye."

Isaac gasped in realization. That fateful day, Isaac was not the only one who regretted not being able to say goodbye.

"...Yeah," Isaac replied with a nod.

Felix held back the tears about to fall and put on a smile. Isaac did the same.

——*Together forever.*

How wonderful it would be if they could say that instead.

But that was a childish, innocent, and unattainable wish. One that must go unfulfilled.

And so, the two bid each other farewell.

"Goodbye, Ike."

"Goodbye, Arc."

Isaac burned Felix's smile into his memory, then turned his back. He climbed up the staircase with Gluttonous Zoe in hand.

(Don't look back.)

If he looked back, surely, he would be overcome by the urge to grab Felix's hand. He would throw a childish tantrum and insist that they go together.

The young Issac would have grabbed the hand of his most precious friend and ran up the stairs. If that was not enough to resurrect Arc, he would offer to sacrifice himself as a substitute.

(But that's no good.)

It went against the natural order. It defied the laws of the world.

Isaac knew not to repeat that mistake again.

...Because he was the adult who scolded the young black dragon.

He needed to bid farewell to the one precious to him, and move forward.

"...Hng, ugh..."

After climbing several steps, Isaac felt his throat tighten as a hoarse groan leaked out. Tears overflowed from his eyes, dripping down his cheeks and chin.

"...Hah... Hng..."

Now that he was an adult, Isaac could not possibly cry in front of the Felix who never grew up.

Thus, he cried alone. And despite his disgraceful sobs, he continued to walk forward.

"...Hng... aah... Ugh, ugh..."

Parting was lonely, painful, depressing, and miserable. Even so, not all of the memories were sad.

They were a treasure. His time with Arc was brimming with happiness.

——*Do not make me into your regret.*

"...Thank you... Arc."

Isaac sniffled as he looked up the spiral staircase, wiping the tears off with his sleeve.

It was about time to return to the face of an adult.

His master and love rival must be worried sick.

Once he focused his senses, Isaac sensed a faint connection with Wildianu. During the endless walk in the darkness, he had felt nothing at all. In which case, this staircase was indeed connected to the realm of the living.

—— "*WHY.*"

Suddenly, a faint voice echoed from his hands. Gluttonous Zoe was whispering something.

Isaac lifted the box to his ear and listened.

The childish voice seemed to be murmuring the same thing over and over again.

—— "*WHY NO ONE COME TO ME?*"

Just as Theodore Maxwell appeared in front of the young black dragon, and Felix appeared in front of Isaac, it seemed Gluttonous Zoe had been waiting for someone to reveal themselves.

However, the identity of that someone was unknown, even to the artifact itself.

It might have forgotten already. Or perhaps, there had never been any such person from the beginning.

Nevertheless, Gluttonous Zoe yearned for it. It yearned for someone to come and greet it in the afterlife.

"In that case, you should try living a little longer."

—— "*NO CHANGE. NEVER CHANGE.*"

"It will change... I'm sure of it."

Isaac wiped off the last of his tears and put on the smile of an adult.

"But first, you need a good scolding. I know someone who's great at that kind of thing."



