---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 339"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0339
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden13
chapter: 339
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 13: Secrets of the Silent Witch"
---
<h2>[V13C27] A Historic Day</h2>

The vivid flowers of early summer decorated every corner of the Ridill Royal Palace, and a beautiful symphony echoed under the expansive blue sky.

The man conducting the orchestra was the talented young musician, Benjamin Mordin.

They were currently performing Symphony No. 6, "Dance of the Summer Spirits." A composition both graceful and lively, representing the joyous dance of spirits celebrating the arrival of summer.

Just as spirits exulted in the advent of summer, his music brought a similar excitement to the hearts of men.

Everyone was eagerly awaiting the magnificent ceremony about to commence.

But in the midst of these festivities, the newest Sage, Silas Page, was running through the palace corridors with a look of panic, despite being the man of honor.

Why? Because he had mistaken the meeting location.

(Oh shit! This is bad, I'm going to be late!)

Silas usually wore a set of old worn-out robes over his casual clothes. Today, however, he was adorned in a beautiful robe covered with gold and silver embroidery, a privilege reserved only for the Seven Sages. As a result, he found it very difficult to run.

To tell the truth, Silas was not familiar with the layout of the palace.

He had been sent on an expedition to Dalsmore immediately after being accepted into the Seven Sages. Then, the Jade Chamber got blown up before he returned to the capital.

As a result, he did most of his work at the Magic Corps headquarters, only visiting the palace on rare occasions.

(Dammit! I should have just asked for a guide...!)

Silas was born a commoner, so the idea of a servant following him everywhere made him uncomfortable. Thus, he declined the offer for a guide, leading to his current predicament.

Perhaps he could solve this pinch by using flight magic to reach his destination. However, Silas looked out the window to see many visitors gathering for the post-ceremony banquet. Flying out the window was sure to attract their attention.

(Ugh, Master is going to give me hell for this!)

It was already past the meeting time.

Silas resolved himself to cast flight magic regardless of the risks, but then, he noticed a maid standing in front of him.

She was a slender woman with silver hair, appearing to be in her mid-twenties. Though she maintained perfect posture, she also seemed incredibly fragile and delicate, like a bubble that would pop at the slightest touch.

"Dragon Slayer Mage, Silas Page-sama, please allow me to guide you to the venue."

Though the maid's voice sounded a bit monotone, there did not seem to be any underlying malice. Silas even sensed a modest kindness, as if the maid was truly concerned about his well-being.

"Whoa, thanks!" Silas replied. "I appreciate it!"

"This way."

The silver-haired maid quietly walked off with unwavering steps, and Silas hurriedly followed.

As the maid advanced down the corridor. Silas observed their direction and raised an eyebrow.

Not all of the nobles visiting the capital were attending the ceremony. Some of them were here to greet their relatives, and others were only interested in the post-ceremony banquet.

For their convenience, the palace opened many of the salons and dance halls, allowing nobles to gather for social events.

The silver-haired maid was walking towards one of these small dance halls. Silas could already make out at least twenty gentlemen chatting with drinks in hand.

"Hey, hold on a sec. Wouldn't we be interrupting them if we go through there?" Silas asked anxiously.

"There is no problem as long as you refrain from speaking," the maid reassured him. "From here on out, please proceed in silence."

Without the slightest hint of hesitation, the maid walked straight through the middle of the room.

There were relatively few people standing in the central area, but even so, they were bound to attract attention.

Though futile, Silas did his best to huddle down and minimize his size.

He followed the maid with a tense expression, but for some reason, none of the nobles gave him a disapproving look. In fact, they didn't even spare him a single glance.

His first thought was that they were pretending to ignore the presence of country folk like him, but that didn't seem right.

None of them showed any sign of noticing his presence. It was as though they could not see him at all.

(...Is this a part of noble etiquette or something?)

As someone with a commoner background, Silas found the rules of nobility incomprehensible.

Eventually, the maid and Silas reached the other side of the room, then descended a nearby staircase.

Once they reached the first floor, the maid pointed to a covered walkway leading to another building.

"The venue is just beyond this walkway."

"C-Cool, thanks again. You seriously saved me."

"Everyone is waiting for you. Please, make haste."

The maid performed a deep bow, lowering her head.

This made it so that Silas could not get a good view of her face, which he was very interested in.

"Um, I'm really grateful," Silas said, scratching the back of his neck.

This was a ploy to stall until the maid lifted her head.

"My master will be in trouble without you present," the maid continued. "Please, hurry on."

"R-Right."

This maid likely served someone overseeing the ceremony, so it made sense that Silas's tardiness would inconvenience them.

Silas walked off, passing by the maid. Only then did she finally raise her head.

That instant, Silas caught a glimpse of her silver hair turning into a shade of light blue——perhaps a trick of the light.

Silas turned around to get a closer look. However, he was surprised to see that the maid had vanished. There was no sign of her anywhere nearby.

Meanwhile, a white lizard slipped into the grass at his feet.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

The ceremony began on schedule with the opening address.

Monica peeked into the ceremony venue through the slight gap in the waiting room door.

"T-They're already doing the opening address..."

A total of nine people were in the waiting room. The Seven Sages aside from the missing Dragon Slayer Mage, as well as three people to be given major awards: Cyril, Glenn, and Melissa.

Adeline Albright the Second Abyss Shaman and the members of the Sazandol Branch of the Mage Association also deserved awards. However, Adeline had yet to fully recover, the Association members were currently unable to leave Sazandol. Their awards would be reserved for a later date.

The ceremony would start with Cyril's title bestowal, then Glenn's appointment as a Magic Knight, then awards for the other contributors. The final event would be the induction of the new Sage... but Silas Page had yet to arrive in the waiting room.

Melissa, who was wearing a set of crimson mage robes, crossed her legs and leaned against the armrest of her chair.

"If he doesn't show up, can I be the new Sage instead?"

"How brazen..." Ray murmured, earning him a scowl from Melissa.

Meanwhile, Bradford leaned against the wall as he stroked his beard.

"Maybe I gave him too much to drink yesterday. He seemed like the type of guy who can handle liquor, so we ended up emptying a few bottles."

"Come to think of it, Silas-chan isn't very familiar with the palace," Mary sighed, placing a hand on her cheek. "I should have insisted that he take someone with him."

The atmosphere of the waiting room was growing tense.

Amidst the tension, Glenn stopped playing with the hem of his robe and called out to Louis.

"Master. Should I fly around and look for him?"

"Absolutely not," Louis replied. "We don't need another absence, especially not one that will disgrace my name."

They could already hear the customary prayer that followed the opening address. Cyril's title bestowal was coming up next.

Cyril, dressed in a black suit, approached the restless Monica and whispered into her ear.

"I've asked Thule and Pikeh to search for him... but it seems they haven't found him yet."

"Um, I think Ike secretly sent Wildianu-san too..." Monica whispered back. "I hope we find him soon..."

Suddenly, the door on the corridor swung open, interrupting their secret conversation. Silas rushed in, covered in sweat.

"Sorry for being lat——Oof!"

His loud apology got interrupted because Louis jammed his fist into Silas's solar plexus.

"This room is right next to the venue. Be quiet, okay?" Louis whispered, twisting his fist.

"R-Right... S-Sorry..." Silas replied, half groaning in pain.

Raul laughed and said, "Glad you made it on time!" while Melissa clicked her tongue, disappointed that she failed to steal a seat on the Seven Sages. The two siblings could not be any more different.

At any rate, this meant that everyone was accounted for.

Right as Monica breathed a sigh of relief, the attendant standing next to the door called for Cyril and Glenn.

After Cyril's ennoblement and the other awards, Silas's induction into the Seven Sages would be the very last event. Then, the remaining Sages would enter the venue and line up behind him.

Cyril tightened his expression and faced the door. While his face looked stiff with tension, there was no sign of anxiety.

He knew what he had to do.

"Cyril-sama, um..."

Monica knew that she wanted to send Cyril off.

But she didn't know what to say.

(Come on, think, I need to say something.)

Monica clenched her sweaty hands and squeezed out a few words.

"D-Do your best!"

This uninspired phrase was the best sendoff she could think of.

Nevertheless, Cyril looked down at Monica and raised the corners of his mouth into a slight smile.

"I see, so this is how the charm for courage works."

"...?"

"I'll be off."

Cyril turned to face the door again, flipping the hem of his black coat and swaying his silver hair. Monica watched all of this without blinking.

Glenn followed close behind Cyril in his usual blue robe.

"I'm going too!"

"Good luck, Glenn-san!"

Glenn nodded back to Monica with his characteristic smile, then went through the door.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

The minister in charge of proceedings began reading off Cyril's achievements.

"This man is a true scholar, who fulfilled his duties as a member of the Library Society by saving our country from an unprecedented crisis. His many accomplishments deserve an award."

Next, a priest performed a formal blessing on Glenn.

"You shall be granted the title of Magic Knight. With the wisdom of a mage and the chivalry of a knight, safeguard all the citizens of Ridill."

Cyril was given a ring as proof of his title, while Glenn received a staff and sword as proof of becoming a Magic Knight.

Then came the applause. Everyone celebrated the birth of these young heroes.

Watching this scene filled Monica with joy and pride. However, there was still one thing on her mind.

Monica shifted her gaze towards Felix Arc Ridill, the Second Prince who had relinquished his right to the throne.

He was currently smiling from the lowest seat of the royal family. This was not his usual princely smile, but a genuine one from the heart.

Isaac Walker was surely just as delighted to see his friends being praised and applauded for.

But after seeing his smile, Monica felt a tightness in her chest for some reason.

(Because... I want to see Ike being praised too.)

Next, Melissa stepped forward and received her award. After the minister offered their praises to the other contributors, including those not present, it was finally time for the Seven Sages to enter.

Silas stood at the front, with Mary, Bradford, Ray, Raul, and Louis following in order of appointment.

At the tail end was the Silent Witch, Monica Everett. The hero who defeated Black Dragon of Sazandol and saved the country yet again.

She held firmly onto her staff to appear as dignified as possible. To be someone her disciple could be proud of.

Following the ceremony, they paraded down the streets of the city under the cheers of the citizens they saved.

The events of this day and names of these heroes would surely be passed down to future generations not only in books, but also through songs, plays, and other forms of storytelling.

---

Q: Did the maid who guided Silas have a lovely smile?

A: She had a fragile smile that would make others want to protect her.

<br/>

Q: Was she a homely woman who looks good in an apron?

A: Setting aside the homely part, yes, she would look good in an apron.

<br/>

Q: Did she have a voluptuous chest?

A: Well, she certainly wasn't small.

<br/>

Q: Would she be good at making pies?

A: No, because she has a different sense of taste than humans. She can barely tell the difference between water, tea, coffee, and alcohol.



