---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 334"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0334
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden13
chapter: 334
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 13: Secrets of the Silent Witch"
---
<h2>[V13C22] Allegations Avoided</h2>

The other stubborn guy, aka Cyril Ashley, arrived about thirty minutes after Glenn and Elianne left the room.

Monica had just finished eating a scone with plenty of jam and cream, so she hastily wiped her mouth as Cyril entered through the doorway.

Cyril's outfit seemed a lot more formal than usual, likely due to the ongoing garden party.

However, several books were sticking out of his bag, so he had likely been busy working on something until the last moment. No unnatural bulges could be seen, so his bag did not contain any weasels. He had probably left Thule and Pikeh at home.

There was also no ring on his right hand, so Sophocles was not with him today.

"I am honored to be at this tea party. Thank you very much for the invitation."

After exchanging formal greetings, Isaac questioned Cyril in a somewhat amused tone.

"I hear you intend to refuse your award. Why is that?"

Isaac could imagine that Cyril's reasons were similar to Glenn's. That much was obvious.

Cyril furrowed his brows for a moment, before quickly composing himself and giving his answer.

"Regarding that issue... I discussed it at a family meeting the other day, and ultimately decided to accept the title and territory. However, I will be entrusting my cousin, Curtis Ashley-dono, as the acting lord for my domain."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Following the incident in Sazandol, Cyril reported to the Library Society in the capital before going back to Highown. Then, immediately after returning home, Cyril was forced to read aloud his report, as well as a reflection essay.

His report contained everything that happened in Sazandol, aside from the involvement of Isaac and Nero.

The essay listed his numerous points of self-reflection: getting too emotional, failing to judge the situation properly, lack of flexibility in thinking... There were just too many to count.

"In conclusion, I hope to find a true solution to the issue of ancient artifacts. This incident has also made me painfully aware of my weaknesses. I will reflect on my actions and improve myself with every passing day, so that I do not bring shame to the Ashley name or the Library Society."

Once Cyril finished reading his reflection essay, the ring on Marquis Highown's finger sparkled slightly, emitting a sigh-like sound. This was the Key of Knowledge Sophocles, having returned to his original contractor.

Marquis Highown glanced down at the ring and said, "Thank you for protecting my son, Sophocles."

"*You can say that again. This boy has no qualms about rushing straight into danger, so he would have died ten times over without me!*"

Though Sophocles seemed to be complaining, there was a slightly proud undertone in his voice.

Marquis Highown nodded, then turned toward the two weasels sitting on the nearby sofa.

"I must thank you two as well for helping Cyril."

The gold and white weasels wagged their tails and replied, "You're welcome," in unison.

Throughout this exchange, Cyril remained standing with his reflection essay in hand. He knew how careless he had been, so he was prepared to accept any punishment from his stepfather.

Once Marquis Highown turned to him, Cyril swallowed under the pressure.

"You've done well."

The unexpected praise caused Cyril to blink a few times, unable to comprehend.

Marquis Highown clasped his fingers above the knees, then closed his eyes for a few seconds before continuing.

"I've taken a look at the documents you wrote, and you did a splendid job. It must have been challenging to perform such a thorough investigation with such limited time and manpower. You succeeded because of your regular engagement with books, and your experience in analyzing which parts are necessary information."

His carefully woven words seeped deep into Cyril's chest.

"It is my belief people who do an excellent job are to be praised, regardless of their title or lineage. However, let me say this once."

Marquis Highown put on a proud smile with his blue eyes staring directly at Cyril.

"Your work is truly befitting of a member of the Lineage of Knowledge. As your father, I am very proud of you."

Cyril tightly pursed his lips, because he felt like he might break down in emotion if he didn't hold himself together.

"Weird face."

"Looks mushy."

Apparently, his attempt to hide his emotions ended in a complete failure. Even Pikeh and Thule had noticed.

Cyril quickly lowered his head to hide his so-called 'mushy' face.

"Thank you for your words of praise, Father."

Cyril's chest was overflowing with joy. This was already the greatest reward he could ask for, but Marquis Highown continued his praises.

"You are adept at searching for necessary knowledge, as well as translating it into documents that others can understand. These are skills that can only be honed by applying them on a daily basis. I am pleased to see that your efforts have borne fruit."

"*Vicent, you are praising far too much! Any more, and there will be nothing left for me to say!*"

"Oh? Did you want to praise him as well? In that case, I'll yield the floor to you."

The jet-black ring on Marquis Highown's hand sparkled yellow for a moment. However, this light eventually faded without a single word from the ring.

After a few cycles of flashing on and off, Sophocles finally spoke in a hesitant tone.

"*...W-Well, I must admit that you did a very adequate job.*"

At this point, Cyril already received plenty of praise from his stepfather, so he was quickly reaching his limit.

"Father, please don't spoil me so much," Cyril said, shaking his head. "And Sophocles, you don't need to force yourself to compliment me."

"*...*"

The ring went dark, as the weasels mumbled, "He wanted to praise him, right?" to each other.

Marquis Highown waited a few seconds for Sophocles's response, but when none came, he changed the subject by picking up a letter from the table in front of him.

"Moving on, you have heard about the letter from the capital, correct? It seems they intend to grant you a title and territory."

"Yes, but that is a reward far too generous for the likes of me," Cyril replied.

Cyril knew that he was powerless by himself. Without the assistance of Raul and the monsters of the Forbidden Archives, his research into Gluttonous Zoe would have come to a standstill.

In addition, he contributed very little in the battle against Theodore. They only managed to take back Gluttonous Zoe thanks to Sophocles, Thule, Pikeh, and many others.

Most importantly, Isaac was one of the key contributors, yet he would receive nothing at all. How could Cyril accept a reward under these circumstances?

Cyril's stubborn denial left Marquis Highown stroking his mustache for a few seconds.

"Why is that?" Marquis Highown asked. "Even without this incident, I intended to have you govern a region of our domain eventually."

Since Cyril was the heir to Marquis Highown, he would eventually inherit the title of Marquis Highown and the Highown domain. As such, it was only natural for him to practice his governance over a smaller region beforehand.

Cyril understood that he would have to go down this path eventually. But right now, there was something else he wanted to do first.

"I apologize for the selfish request," Cyril said, "But there is a certain job I want to do in the capital, even if it means delaying my responsibilities."

"And what might that be? Can you tell me the details?"

"Of course, you see..."

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Cyril looked Monica and Isaac in the eyes, then started explaining with a determined expression.

"There are two things I intend to do in the capital: ease the restrictions on visiting the Forbidden Archives, and revise our current system for managing ancient artifacts."

Monica let out a small gasp.

Both of these issues had already been discussed among the Seven Sages, so Monica was familiar with them.

Regarding the Forbidden Archives, Marquis Highown had actually been slowly relaxing the restrictions since the theft of Gluttonous Zoe eight years ago. Back then, they had failed to conduct a thorough investigation into Gluttonous Zoe's powers due to the overly strict rules on accessing the Forbidden Archives.

The Library Society only granted Cyril access to the Deepest Forbidden Section after two of their most prominent members, the witches from House Roseberg, were attacked by Gluttonous Zoe. However, Marquis Highown's efforts in easing the restrictions over the years played a major role as well.

"It's impossible for a single person to search through the entire Forbidden Archives alone," Cyril continued. "If a similar incident ever happens in the future, we need to be able to conduct a quick and thorough investigation. That means easing the restrictions to allow more people inside."

Isaac nodded in agreement while picking up a scone and cutting it in half. By the way, he had already eaten two while waiting for Cyril's arrival, so this was his third scone.

"But will the monsters of the Forbidden Archives accept those visitors?" Isaac asked.

Monica had visited the Forbidden Archives before, so she knew about the magical creatures sealed within the books on its shelves. Many of them enjoyed taunting or threatening weak-minded visitors.

Even if more people were allowed into the Forbidden Archives, they might have a difficult time working in such a hostile environment. 

"I will make them accept," Cyril answered decisively, with a small smile on his lips. "Being read is what they want as well."

Monica did not know what happened between Cyril and the monsters of the Forbidden Archives. Even so, she could tell that everything would work out after seeing the reassuring strength and kindness on Cyril's face.

"I see," Isaac said while applying cream to his scone, then reaching for a jar of jam. "Then it seems my source of information was outdated. I had heard that you were still being stubborn and intended to refuse the title."

"M-My deepest apologies... My family already scolded me on that decision, so I decided to accept the title, while designating my cousin Curtis-dono as the acting lord. Once I finish my work in the capital, I will return to learn about governance from him."

"Hmm."

Isaac took a few small bites from his scone. Such refined gestures were certainly fit for a prince, but it contrasted greatly with his pace of eating.

After finishing the last bite, Isaac urged Cyril onto the next subject.

"So what do you intend to change about how we manage ancient artifacts?"

"Um..."

Monica, who had been silently listening until now, quietly raised her hand. There was something she wanted to ask Cyril about.

"Cyril-sama, um, I read the documents you made... D-Does this mean...?"

Cyril nodded with a stern look on his face.

"Considering the possibility of a similar incident happening in the future, simply sealing Gluttonous Zoe again is not the answer. We must promote the growth of its personality. Therefore, my first job as Artifact Management Officer is to serve as Gluttonous Zoe's instructor."

The Silent Witch and her disciple fell into a complete silence.

Cyril had seriously considered passing off his reward because he would rather go to the capital to negotiate with the monsters of the Forbidden Archives, and become the personal tutor of an ancient artifact.

As always, Cyril Ashley will be Cyril Ashley.

(It's the usual Cyril-sama...)

This was certainly a bizarre turn of events, but Monica found it surprisingly easy to accept because it was typical of Cyril.

Meanwhile, Isaac took a sip of tea as he glanced at Cyril's bag, which had been placed in the corner of the room.

"I was about to ask, but I guess that explains the books sticking out of your bag..."

"Yes, I have carefully selected these books for Gluttonous Zoe's education!"

Cyril stood up and laid out the books in his bag. They were all picture books intended for children.

Upon seeing this, a hint of concern appeared on Isaac's princely face.

"Cyril, one piece of advice. If anyone asks about those books, say you bought them as a gift for your sister's soon-to-be-born child."

Only now did Cyril realized he had been walking through the palace with the picture books protruding out of his bag.

"I had completely forgotten," Cyril mumbled. "I cannot tell others about my job of managing artifacts. I'll answer like that if anyone asks."

"...Good. I'll arrange a bigger bag too, so you can keep them out of sight when you leave."

"Thank you so much for your consideration!"

Isaac was simply so thoughtful and attentive.

Both Monica and Cyril gave him looks of admiration.

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

(...Why am I helping my rival in love avoid illegitimate child allegations?)

How can he be so careless? The man needs to get himself together.

Isaac held back a sigh as he reached for his fourth scone.



