---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 425"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0425
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden16
chapter: 425
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden After 3: Battle of the Sage Disciples"
---
<h2>[V16EX] Secret Episode: Secrets of the Prince</h2>

The day after the magical battle between the disciples of the Seven Sages, Isaac Walker, using the face of Felix Arc Ridill, headed to a tearoom inside the palace. Today, he would be having a tea party with First Prince Lionel.

Mary Harvey the Starseer Witch had likely arranged the schedule for the magical battle around this meeting. The idea that she knew everything about his plans made Isaac a little irritated.

While walking down a corridor decorated with mirrors on the walls, Isaac glanced sideways at his reflection.

On the other side of the mirror was a man with a flamboyant jacket befitting royalty and polished shoes without a speck of dust. No one would believe that he had been running through a forest covered in mud just yesterday.

He was wearing this jacket for the first time in a while, and it felt a little tight.

Such was the price of training in the forests for a week, and indulging in food and drink at yesterday's party. He would need to practice some restraint in the future.

(I bet Monica and Cyril are suffering from sore legs by now.)

Isaac suppressed a chuckle as he recalled the sight of the two struggling with unfamiliar dance steps.

This was a bit of escapism. He was distracting himself from thinking about the man he would be seeing shortly.

——*The First Prince, Lionel Blem Edwalt Ridill.*

It had been quite a while since the last time they spoke one-on-one.

Since renouncing his claim to the throne, Isaac had deliberately avoided contact with the other princes.

The Third Prince, Albert, knew the truth about his identity. This made any conversation between them incredibly awkward. When they did communicate, it was often through intermediaries like Bridget.

Albert had always been competitive with Isaac, which was fine. Isaac planned to step back as a retired prince and give Albert his chance in the spotlight.

Being handed everything on a silver platter might be a blow to Albert's pride, but that was the perfect fuel to let him spur himself forward.

(As for the First Prince...)

They told Lionel nothing about the truth behind the Second Prince. The man had doted on Isaac as a half-brother for the past several years, unaware of his identity.

...Even though Isaac was the criminal who took away his chance to mourn Felix's death.

Moreover, Isaac had long harbored complicated feelings toward Lionel, feelings even he struggled to understand.

"Welcome, Prince Felix."

Isaac was greeted by an attendant of Lionel at the entrance to the tearoom.

"Prince Lionel awaits you," the attendant continued, opening the door to reveal a table bathed in the gentle afternoon sunlight.

There was a tall blond man sitting in front at the tea table. His bright aqua-blue eyes caught sight of Isaac.

"Oh, it has been so long, Felix!"

"Indeed it has, Brother."

Isaac referred to him as 'Prince Lionel' at official events, and 'Brother' at private tea parties. It came naturally as part of the act he continued for over ten years.

And yet, he felt a slight prickling sensation in his throat, as if a small bone had gotten stuck there.

Isaac took his seat, and the attendant quietly poured his tea. There were no maids. Clearly, the rest of the servants had been dismissed.

(And also...)

Isaac casually glanced at the door at the back of the tearoom while sipping his tea.

The tea contained no poison. Not that he suspected Lionel. It was just a habit, or so he told himself.

"Thank you for the wedding invitation," Isaac began. "I look forward to seeing the special day where you and Princess Cecilia are blessed by the Spirit God."

"I do too. To tell the truth, it seems I gained a bit too much muscle since my measurements were taken. They told me not to swing a sword for a while, otherwise I won't fit into my suit."

Isaac needed to hold back on training for a similar reason, but of course, he couldn't say that out loud. Instead, he put on a surprised smile.

Soon enough, Lionel exchanged a glance with the attendant on standby at the wall. The attendant returned a bow and left the room.

Once Isaac saw this, he was certain. All the servants were gone, so the conversation was about to turn serious.

(Like I thought, the king must have told him about me.)

Lionel was almost guaranteed to be the next king. It was only natural for the king to inform Lionel of the truth behind Isaac, and thus ensure the preservation of the royal bloodline.

Lionel straightened his posture and spoke with a stern expression.

"There is something I've been meaning to ask you for a while now."

Perhaps he was about to ask, '*Why would you do something so foolish?*' Isaac wore a self-deprecating smile behind the mask of the smiling prince.

Lionel looked him straight in the eye and said...

"Could it be that you are '*Ike*'?"

Isaac's heart skipped a beat.

It was no surprise that Lionel knew his name, but why did call him the nickname of 'Ike'? There was no one around Lionel who would call him that.

——Except for one person. Could it be...? No, that's not possible...

Isaac could not bring himself to twist Felix's face in an expression of pain, so he forced himself to stay composed as he asked the question.

"...Why do you know that name?"

"Oh, I knew it! So you must be Felix's friend Ike."

At long last, the smile of the perfect prince cracked open. Isaac flinched back, struggling to find a response.

Meanwhile, Lionel picked up something he placed on the side chest. A thin box with a lock on it. He pulled a key from his pocket, unlocked the box, and took out a letter.

"When Father... His Majesty told me about your circumstances, I was reminded of the letter that Felix gave me long ago."

With that, Lionel held out the letter.

Isaac took it with trembling hands and unfolded it.

It was written in the clumsy handwriting of a young child. One Isaac would never forget. He had read and reread that diary countless times.

<br/>

*Dear Brother Lionel,*

*This letter is a secret from everyone, including Grandfather and Father.*

*There is a secret I really want to tell you. Please, don't tell anyone else.*

<br/>

Even if it was something he couldn't say to his grandfather or father, Felix believed he could tell his brother, and that his brother would keep the secret.

With a pang in his chest, Isaac turned to the second page.

<br/>

*The secret is... I've made a secret friend. His name is Ike.*

*Ike is smart and knows a lot. He's good at climbing trees and riding horses. He can do everything.*

*Ike is very good with his hands too. The other day, he made a birdhouse for me. When I'm sick in bed, it makes me feel a bit better watching the birds through the window.*

*Ike is my secret friend, so I can't tell anyone.*

*But I really want to talk about him, to brag about him. That's why I wrote this letter to you, Brother.*

*I hope I can introduce him to you someday.*

<br/>

Old memories came flooding back.

The young Felix had written this letter on one of his good days.

Isaac was about to deliver the letter to the steward when Felix said, "Wait, don't send it. Since it's a secret letter, I want to give it to Brother myself."

Any letter sent to Lionel had a chance to be checked by the adults. Thus, Felix insisted on handing it over personally.

"A secret letter?" Isaac had asked.

"Yeah. Even from you, Ike."

Felix said that with a smile, putting a finger to his lips. Not his usual timid smile, but a mischievous one for once.

"...I understand, I promise to keep it a secret."

Isaac nodded back as a servant should, but he was actually sulking on the inside.

*You're keeping secrets from me, hmm?*

<br/>

The memory of those days returned to him alongside a mix of nostalgia, embarrassment, longing, and warmth.

His heart was being squeezed, but not by the painful grip of claws. It was a gentle squeeze, like a warm embrace.

As Isaac stared blankly at the letter, Lionel spoke in a calm voice.

"Back then, I was so happy to have my little brother confide in me. I ended up getting a locked letter box and putting his letter inside."

"...I should confess something I've been hiding too."

Isaac raised his head and smiled. It probably wasn't the smile of the perfect prince anymore, but that's okay.

"He constantly praised your skill with swords and horses... I ended up pushing myself to compete, putting my all into my training in swordsmanship and riding."

At Isaac's confession, Lionel sipped his tea with a gentle smile.

"So I was able to become a role model for Felix then."

Those words fell into Isaac's chest like a cube of sugar plopping into a teacup, melting into the warmth.

Lionel set his cup on the saucer and looked Isaac straight in the eyes.

"Then from now on, I must continue doing my best to live up to that."

Isaac had many emotions in his chest, but they were too complicated to express in words. After all, Lionel had been a rival to compete with. Someone he constantly deceived.

Back when he was obsessed with leaving his name in history, he had even considered eliminating Lionel if necessary.

If he had to sum up all of those emotions into one sentence, perhaps it would be something like this...

(...I can't win against him.)

Isaac carefully folded the letter and returned it to Lionel.

The little secret of the kind prince should rest inside that locked letter box.

"The royal family of this country is far too soft on me. His Majesty, you, and... Arc..."

It was thanks to their kindness that Isaac could be here today.

He vowed to never forget that.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Once Isaac departed the tearoom, Lionel turned toward the door at the back of the tearoom.

The door opened to reveal a man with short chestnut hair and a monocle—Louis Miller the Barrier Mage. To Lionel, he was an old classmate from the Minerva days.

Louis removed his monocle and strode over to Lionel with long, heavy steps. And once he stood in front of the seated Lionel...

"Ora!!"

He delivered a powerful headbutt.

This was followed by a few seconds of silence until...

"Urogh!"

The only one groaning in pain was Louis himself. He squatted down and clutched his forehead.

"Sorry," Lionel apologized, reaching out a hand. "I am told I have always had a hard head!"

"I know," Louis growled back in a thick northern accent.

He stuck out his lower lip in annoyance, much like he did back when people called him the problem child of Minerva. With his shortened hair and lack of monocle, the resemblance only became stronger.

"You stupid gorilla, how soft can you be?"

"I apologize if I upset you. I heard you were quite worried about this matter."

"...That damn Starseer Witch."

Louis sat in the seat across from Lionel and carefully put his monocle back on with a firm press of his fingers.

Then, he lifted his face and spoke in a refined tone befitting one of the Seven Sages. His northern accent had completely vanished.

"He noticed me listening from behind the door, you know."

"I figured as much."

"..."

Louis let out a long and deep sigh, then stuffed a spoonful of jam into his mouth.

Perhaps it would be best to prepare more jam.

As Lionel hesitated on whether to call for a servant, Louis pulled the spoon from his mouth and continued.

"If you have to go soft on him, then you may do as you please."

His ashen-purple eyes glared with hostility at the door the Second Prince passed through.

"But I will collect the debt he owes you at the appropriate time."

A very Louis-like statement.

He was overly aggressive and always acted on his own, yet he would surely protect what Lionel held most dear.

Lionel drank the rest of his lukewarm tea and let out a joyous murmur.

"It seems I am blessed with good friends."

Louis lifted the corner of his mouth and flashed a toothy grin.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

That day, Monica was visiting the Ascard Grand Library in her casual clothes.

She was here to gather the necessary materials for improving the voice transmission tool, as well as the spell Isaac displayed during the match.

Monica was fired up to continue learning new things and not fall behind her diligent disciple... and once she found her books, she went looking for Cyril. A member of the library staff had told her that Cyril was here today.

However, her calves really hurt. This was from doing the unfamiliar dance at the afterparty yesterday. In particular, her legs became very wobbly when going up and down stairs.

(That was really fun though...)

Monica recalled the cheerful event as he headed toward the shelves containing children's books. If Cyril was in the library, then he had to be here.

It didn't take long to spot the tied silver hair marking the back of Cyril's head.

Cyril was carefully pulling a book from the shelf and gently turning the pages.

He always treated things with great care, especially books and tea sets. He used the softest touch when handling precious items, and Monica enjoyed seeing that.

Cyril happened to close the book as Monica approached, so he noticed her soon enough.

"Monica?"

"Good afternoon, Cyril-sama."

Cyril's blue eyes were pointed at Monica's blouse. Today, she wore a slightly glossy white blouse with puffed sleeves and a round collar.

"I see you put on a different collar today," Cyril said. "It suits you well. Very cu—"

"O-Oh, um, sorry! This one isn't a detachable collar..."

"Eh?"

"It's a brand-new blouse."

"..."

Cyril covered his face with one hand. His cheeks were visibly red between the gaps in his fingers.

"...My apologies."

"N-No, um..."

Monica usually wore the outfits Lana picked out for her, but her blouse today was different. This was one she found in the royal capital. Since she liked the cute shape of the sleeves, she bought it for herself.

Her first thought when picking up the blouse was, "*It's cute*". Her second was, "*I hope he says it's cute too*".

"I picked this out myself... D-Do you think it suits me?"

Asking someone for a compliment was embarrassing. She looked up at Cyril, worrying if she came across as shameless.

However, he replied with a gentle smile.

"Yes, it suits you very well... You look cute."

The compliment made her heart leap, and she wanted to leap as well... but they were in the library.

*Hold it in, hold it in,* Monica tried to tell herself, but as she squirmed with her legs, her calf suddenly cramped up. This resulted in letting out a bizarre yelp.

"Higyu...!?"

"W-What's wrong!?"

Cyril complimenting her blouse was exactly what she wanted, yet she ruined it by making a weird sound. She felt so pathetic that she wanted to cry.

Monica hugged her book against her chest and looked around awkwardly.

"Um, sorry... my muscles are feeling really sore... Did you get sore too, Cyril-sama?"

"No, of course not."

"Hmm?" came a voice from behind Cyril.

Right as Monica realized his presence, the man behind Cyril gave a light kick to the back of his knees.

Cyril let out a muffled groan as he stumbled and struggled to regain his balance.

As someone suffering from muscle soreness, Monica could immediately tell that Cyril was experiencing the same pain. Upon closer inspection, his legs were just as wobbly as hers.

Cyril grimaced as he turned to glare at the person who kicked his knees... Isaac.

"Ike... That was a bit much."

"Oh? But it shouldn't be a big deal if your legs aren't sore, right?"

As Cyril fell silent, Isaac put a teasing smirk.

He wore a plain shirt and vest, and there was a scar visible above his right eye. The current form of the man named Isaac Walker.

Monica had heard about him having business in the palace, but it seemed he took care of that already.

"Hey, Monica. That must be a new blouse. Seems like a perfect fit for summer. The sleeve design suits you well. You look really cute."

Isaac's eloquent compliments left Cyril pressing his lips together in defeat.

After glancing at the books in Monica and Cyril's arms, Isaac spoke again.

"Seems like you've found what you're looking for, so how about we go eat dinner together? My treat. I feel like being nice to you two today."

"Nice...? But you just kicked my leg..."

Cyril gave Isaac a look of disbelief.

In response, Isaac grinned and performed an elaborately grandiose bow.

"Oh dear, have you injured your legs? Shall I lend you a hand, milady?"

"..."

Cyril pouted his lips and growled under his breath.

As Monica fretted about the tension between them, Cyril responded in a very unusual manner. He raised the corner of lips and responded to Isaac with a goading smirk.

"...Fine, I'll let you treat us today. Show me your favorite restaurant, Ike."

This response put a satisfied smile on Isaac's face. Clearly, he preferred this to being treated with respect.

Cyril understood that, and was acting this way as a challenge to himself.

"Sure," Isaac replied. "Leave it to me. I know a place for ale, a place for wine, a place for meat dishes, a place for light meals, a place for desserts, and a place for exotic cuisine. Anything you want, really."

"H-Hold on one moment. Isn't that a bit *too* knowledgeable...?"

As Cyril furrowed his brow, Monica stood on her toes and whispered into his ear.

"Cyril-sama, Ike is a pro."

"A pro...?"

"Yes, he's very good at finding nice places and having fun."

As always, Isaac was a pro at enjoying the nightlife.

At this distance, Isaac could probably hear their whispers. He chuckled to himself, clearly amused.

The corners of his sharp eyes drooped slightly, and his cheeks were relaxed. This was a different expression from any of the smiles Monica had seen on him before.

If she had to describe it, perhaps it was a smile for gently embracing and savoring the happiness in front of him.

It looked so lovely that Monica had to ask.

"Ike, you seem really happy today."

"Yeah, maybe I am."

"Did something good happen?"

"That's a secret."

Isaac put his index finger to his lips and winked.

(It must be a kind secret. Because you have such a gentle look on your face right now.)

Everyone carries their own secrets.

These can be painful and frustrating. They might even turn into a poison that eats away at your heart.

But not all secrets are like that. Monica could say that for sure.

The one Isaac carried was surely a gentle warmth kept close to the heart.

——*May Ike's secret be a treasure that makes him stronger.*

Such was the quiet wish of a witch who understands the value of silence.

"Come on," Isaac said. "Let's go."

Cyril and Monica nodded in agreement.

The three of them exited the library walking side by side. The streets of the royal capital were crowded and lively, and their voices naturally grew louder in the bustle.

The sun was still up, but a few eager shops had already lit their lanterns. The savory aroma of what was probably spiced meat skewers filled the air.

"Smells great," Isaac said while sniffing the smell. "That will definitely go well with ale."

"Ike," Cyril said in a stern tone. "Please go easy on the alcohol. I was shocked by how much you drank last night."

"You have a point. We should go to a place focused on food."

"...I was shocked by how much you ate as well."

"Ike does eat about as much as Glenn-san," Monica added.

"Don't worry," Isaac replied. "I'll restrain myself today. My jacket's starting to feel a bit tight, after all."

His words did not have much weight since he immediately stopped in front of a food stall and bought three skewers of grilled meat.

Monica and Cyril were stunned. So much for restraint.

"This can be our appetizer before dinner," Isaac said, handing Cyril one of the skewers.

"Restraint...? Appetizer...?"

Cyril groaned in confusion, and Monica shared the sentiment.

"A small skewer like this is basically a snack," Isaac countered, winking as he passed Monica her share.

"W-Well... I guess it might be small considering how much Ike usually eats... maybe...?"

Monica mumbled hesitantly, but Isaac nodded as though he was completely vindicated.

"And besides," Isaac continued. "You didn't get to join the barbecue behind the school building, Cyril."

"I've been meaning to ask for a detailed explanation about that incident. Either way, eating skewers before dinner can hardly be called restraint—"

As Cyril went into lecture mode, Isaac took a bite of his skewer and munched away, speaking through a full mouth.

"Cyril, one piece of advice."

"I am well aware that I lack flexibility. However—"

"You should hold the skewer sideways, otherwise the fat will drip onto your hand."

"Eh? ...Agh!?"

Isaac burst out laughing.

Cyril looked angry and exasperated, but at the same time, he seemed to be having fun.

Both of them were showing new faces, ones Monica had never seen before. Perhaps she was showing a new face too.

From now on, there would be many more of these happy firsts.

"This is delicious."

Between the two, Monica bit into her skewer with a bright smile.

---

And with that, the story is complete.

Thank you so much for reading to the end.



