---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 353"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0353
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden13
chapter: 353
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 13: Secrets of the Silent Witch"
---
<h2>[Afterword]</h2>

Thank you very much for accompanying me in Silent Witch (Gaiden).

While writing, I felt the urge to tell how Isaac, the hidden protagonist of the story, grasps the modest happiness that Monica gained in the main story. It's the happiness of an ordinary guy.

But I never thought it would end up longer than the main story. Damn, I love this work.

From now on, I plan to conclude the story of Monica and her friends by writing "Gaiden After", containing several episodes that were postponed due to chronological reasons.

These will be as follows:

Gaiden After 1 - "A Flower For You"<br/>
A story about a beautiful diplomatic secretary and a margrave. Monica will be absent for this one.

Gaiden After 2 - "Forbidden Archives Cleanup Operation"<br/>
A certain ring plays a big role here.

Gaiden After 3 - "Battle of the Sage Disciples"<br/>
Please lend your warm support to Hugo Galletti-kun, who is now the most unfortunate man in the story since Mr. Walker was liberated from his fate of loss.

Following "Gaiden After 1-3," I plan to write a new story set in the Empire titled, "The White Winged Harpie."

It will have a different cast of characters, so even those who haven't read "Silent Witch" can enjoy it. While Monica and her friends won't be featured, a certain man studying abroad in the Empire is expected to play a role.

I also hope to intermittently write Gaiden After 4 "The Children of Minerva" in parallel, if possible. This will follow the young Norman as he enrolls in Minerva.

If you are interested in joining me, I would be delighted to see you all again.


