---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 367"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0367
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden14
chapter: 367
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden After 1: A Flower For You"
---
<h2>[V14C14] Diplomacy Is Not Over Yet</h2>

"Weakling! Don't make me laugh! You aspire to become king with such a feeble resolve!?"

Henrik's sharp rebuke left Konitz quivering even more.

General Strauss's men had untied the ropes binding Konitz, but he did not dare to pick up the sword Henrik had thrown at him.

His hesitant attitude only fanned the flames on Henrik's anger.

"Don't tell you me truly think Valmbelk can be taken by a coward hiding in safety, pretending to be a prisoner? You have some nerve."

Henrik's gray eyes carried a dangerous glint, like a wolf ready to sink its teeth into the throat of its prey.

Konitz was overwhelmed by the bloodlust he radiated, ready to faint at any moment.

"Prince Richard," General Strauss suddenly interjected. "You do not have to do anything. I will take on Margrave Valmbelk in your place."

Henrik held his sword at the ready, focusing all of his strength into the battle ahead of him. General Strauss's blade carried the weight of his years, so Henrik might lose in an all-out clash.

(I'll have to take his head on the first strike.)

Right as Henrik was about to take a step forward, to everyone's surprise, Bridget walked in between them.

Henrik did not know how much power Kollwitz's handkerchief possessed, but this seemed like a reckless act of folly.

He kept a close eye on General Strauss as he warned Bridget.

"Greyham-dono, please step back. There is no longer any room for diplomacy. This is a battlefield."

"No, this is a place of diplomacy."

Bridget stopped right in the middle of General Strauss and Henrik, but she wasn't even looking at them. Her eyes were fixed on Albert and Konitz.


"You stand before Prince Albert and Prince Richard," Bridget declared. "Both of you, sheathe your weapons, lest you be punished for your contempt."

"You are sorely mistaken," General Strauss snapped back. "There has been no room for negotiation since the beginning."

Strauss was only a few paces away. It would be a simple matter for him to step forward and stab his sword into Bridget's chest.

And yet, there was not a hint of fear on Bridget's beautiful features.

The stunning amber eyes of the diplomatic secretary looked down on Strauss with contempt.

"General Strauss. You continue to speak without the permission of your lord, Prince Richard. Why is that?"

For a moment, General Strauss widened his eyes in surprise.

Bridget took advantage of that to continue.

"This is a diplomatic meeting between Prince Albert and Prince Richard. Everyone without their permission is to remain silent. Know your place!"

Henrik just realized that Bridget had been consistent in treating this as a diplomatic meeting from the moment she entered the room.

For example, how she bowed to Albert and asked for permission to speak. This was to show Konitz the proper relationship between royalty and vassal.

Her voice was so fierce that it stunned General Strauss and Henrik for several seconds.

She used this opening to move closer, kneeling in front of Albert and Konitz.

Then, she spoke with a soft tone, full of compassion and sincerity.

"First, please forgive me for raising my voice just now, Prince Richard."

"Eh? Ah, um..."

Konitz—or rather, Richard—could only quiver his lips, unable to speak actual words. He was clearly having trouble grasping the current situation.

Meanwhile, Bridget gave him a warm smile.

"Your decision not to pick up that sword was wise. You understand the importance of not bringing a sword to the negotiation table."

Everyone could see that Richard didn't pick up the sword out of cowardice. And yet, Bridget praised his cowardice as prudence.

"The age when kings swing swords is over. Now, let us discuss the future of our countries in a way that benefits both. That is what diplomats are for."

Richard still looked visibly nervous, but at least he had stopped shaking and his eyes were no longer swimming.

He stared at Bridget with the look of someone finding salvation.

"You've shown your true colors, vixen!" General Strauss roared. "Are you trying to seduce Prince Richard!?"

Even in the face of General Strauss's wrath, Bridget maintained a perfect smile. Henrik found himself shuddering at her extraordinary composure.

Bridget rose from her knees and looked General Strauss straight in the eyes.

"Your cause is the restoration of the Old Solyarg dynasty, because that is the will of Prince Richard's mother, Erika-sama. Is that correct?"

"Precisely. The royalty of Old Solyarg was suppressed by the detestable Kreving clan. Our heartfelt wish is to restore the former glory of—"

Bridget let out a laugh as pleasant as tinkling bells, interrupting General Strauss. She was essentially spitting in the face of the seasoned general's loyalty.

"How strange. You speak as though Prince Richard does not carry Kreving blood."

Henrik suddenly realized that she was right.

If Richard Konitz was the child of the previous emperor, then naturally, he was also an heir to the Imperial bloodline of Kreving.

It made no sense for a loyal vassal of Richard to speak ill of Kreving blood.

Bridget's smile grew icy cold.

"You are free to spout whatever nonsense suits your cause, but I believe this makes it clear. You never served Prince Richard in the first place."

"That is complete nonsense..."

"Then tell me! Why is Prince Richard trembling? Why is there fear in his eyes when he looks at you?"

Bridget's allegations reverberated through the room. The weight of her words pinned the soldiers' feet to the floor.

"When I see men acting recklessly out of misguided loyalty... I feel an urge to slap them."

Her tone was gentle, but it contained a deep-seated anger. She was simply terrifying.

It was now clear to everyone who controlled the room.

And with the stage prepared by Bridget, the young Prince Albert opened his mouth.

"Prince Richard, may I ask you for a favor?"

"Eh, w-what do you mean...?"

"Please help us resolve this peacefully. I promise to petition Emperor Leonhart and my father to spare your life."

Though it was worded as a humble request, Albert was essentially telling Richard to surrender, in exchange for asking mercy from the Black Lion Emperor and the King of Ridill.

By mentioning the King of Ridill, he even hinted at the possibility of fleeing into Ridill if the Black Lion Emperor insists on execution.

Bridget and Albert had one goal in doing so...

"Prince Albert..." Richard stuttered. "P-Please... I am not fit to be king..."

...Extracting those words out of Richard Konitz.

Bridget flipped back her beautiful golden hair and fixed her gaze on General Strauss.

"After hearing that, can you still say that you have a noble cause, General Strauss?"

General Strauss fell silent. The reactions of his men were mixed as well.

Some seemed resigned, realizing the rebellion had failed with Richard's surrender. Others glared angrily at Richard and Bridget. A few still awaited Strauss's orders.

General Strauss was a man who valued righteousness. And now that he had lost his cause, every action, every word he spoke, only tightened the noose around his own neck.

Perhaps it would have been different if he claimed his goal was about money, land, or luxuries.

His greatest mistake was claiming a noble cause from the beginning.

(However... neither General Strauss nor his men have completely lost their will to fight.)

Henrik made a calm analysis of the situation. Their foes had come to Valmbelk bearing the expectations of the lords of Old Solyarg.

They executed the plan despite the presence of the foreign Prince Albert because there was no turning back. There would be no second chance if they missed this opportunity.

(Which is why... I cannot put down my sword.)

Henrik clenched his sword again.

Seeing this, Bridget addressed him with a tense look.

"...Blanquet-sama, as you can see, Prince Richard desires a peaceful resolution."

Clearly, she was essentially telling him back off.

But Henrik responded with his usual sheepish smile.

"Greyham-dono, my only master is Emperor Leonhart, not Prince Richard."

It was his duty as Margrave Valmbalk to protect his land and strike down those who threaten the emperor.

Richard may have surrendered, but General Strauss and his men had yet to give up on the restoration of Old Solyarg.

In which case, Henrik had the job of making them give up, by force if necessary.

"I cannot overlook those who still have the will to fight," Henrik declared, pointing the tip of his sword at General Strauss.

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Bridget Greyham maintained her appearance as a calm diplomatic secretary, but she was secretly furious.

(This... man...!)

She was working so hard to resolve things peacefully, so why did he have to be so thirty for blood?

She knew that General Strauss still had the will to fight, and had hoped Henrik would side with Ridill and help persuade General Strauss to give up... But it seemed things wouldn't go so smoothly.

(That's fine. This is still within my expectations.)

Bridget suppressed her rising anger and thought about her next move.

She had succeeded in persuading Richard Konitz. Now, her next opponent would be the surprisingly stubborn Margrave Valmbelk.

"Blanquet-sama, please lower your sword."

"That I cannot do," Henrik said calmly. "Diplomacy is over. Our swords will do the talking now."

This was the calm before the storm. Once they started, a rain of blood would fall on this battlefield.

"...No."

Bridget would not let this room become a battlefield. That was her job as diplomatic secretary to the Third Prince of Ridill.

She faced Henrik head-on, radiating a fierce determination from head to toe.

"Diplomacy is not over yet."



