---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 397"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0397
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden15
chapter: 397
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden After 2: Forbidden Archives Cleanup Operation"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

**Monica Everett**

The Silent Witch. Doing her best to become a cool master.

Felt like a glamorous lady when applying lip balm after her bath, but Melissa smooshed her cheeks regardless.

She thinks applying cosmetics after a bath is an event reserved for special days.

<br/>

**Nero**

Monica's partner, the Black Dragon of Worgan. The strongest, the cutest, and the coolest.

In his head, "strong", "cute", and "cool" all pretty much mean the same thing.

<br/>

**Isaac Walker**

The Silent Witch's disciple. Recently acquired skills in makeup and hairstyling.

Currently thinking about his overly efficient use of mana. Since he does not have any powerful spells, he's trying to come up with a secret technique.

<br/>

**Wildianu**

Isaac's contracted spirit.

Has more common sense than many spirits. However, he stays in the background most of the time, so his knowledge ends up being a bit biased.

He once asked the innocent question of, "What is so painful about spitting out the water you swallowed?" which sent a chill down Isaac's spine.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley**

The Library Lord. Still looking for the ends of his hair.

In the end, Raul walked in on him with the princess hairstyle and helped him undo it. The next problem was how to remove the makeup. Water wasn't enough. What now?

<br/>

**Thule**

The White Dragon of Mount Kalug. Doesn't understand the concept of debt. He just puts on a smile and says, "Wow, the numbers are going up!"

<br/>

**Ashelpikeh**

She got tired of her real estate empire and set out on an adventure. However, she got stuck at the port because the evil merchant Walker had monopolized all the ships. Since she was unable to travel, she had no choice but to visit the wyvern-infested mountains. 

Supposedly, she was last sighted flying into the distance on the back of a wyvern. Thus begins the legend of Ashelpikeh the Adventurer Queen.

<br/>

**Sophocles**

An ancient artifact. Got scolded an entire day for making Monica cry.

Flashed in a dull light while repeating the apology, "*I was wrong, I am terribly sorry...*"

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg**

One of the Seven Sages, the Thorn Witch. Currently practicing barrier magic while preparing to study abroad.

Wants to use barriers for protecting people. Does not plan to smack anyone with them.

<br/>

**Melissa Roseberg**

Former Sage, the Fourth Thorn Witch.

The custom sachet she gave Monica has a fragrance similar to her own perfume.

Isaac noticed this and secretly swapped Monica's sachet with the one meant for Lana. A battle in the background that Monica knows nothing about.

<br/>

**Louis Miller**

One of the Seven Sages, the Barrier Mage.

Believes that eating hot food while huffing and puffing is the ultimate luxury.

He refrains from devouring it hot in a refined setting, but secretly does so alone.

Has never been a fan of cold food until he tried the ice cream. Now, he enjoys eating it soaked in booze or jam.

<br/>

**Rosalie Miller**

Louis's wife. A doctor.

Worries that her husband's newfound love for ice cream will cause his jam consumption to skyrocket.

<br/>

**Cecilia Charlotte Febe Kreving**

The fiancée of First Prince Lionel.

Plans to wear a white dress at her wedding. For a while after, white bridal gowns end up becoming the hottest trend in Ridill.

---

There are many healthy master-disciple relationships among the Seven Sages. The only exception is Glenn Dudley, because his master is a bit... well, you know. Please send him your condolences.

Mr. Walker will get the spotlight in Gaiden After 3, but there'll be a few side stories before then. Please enjoy at a relaxed pace.

