---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 243"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0243
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden11
chapter: 243
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 11: Twinkling is the Star of Loss"
---
<h2>[V11C24] A Young Man's Thoughtfulness Hurt the Sensitive Ring</h2>

After promising to submit an impression essay to the Lorelei at a later date, Cyril ascended the spiral staircase toward the First Forbidden Section at a brisk pace.

His heart was beating quickly, and not just from climbing the stairs.

(Is something happening in Sazandol? And is Monica involved?)

Cyril was very anxious.

The Lorelei's story seemed to contain many useful hints, but they still didn't have enough information to unravel the powers of the ancient artifact Gluttonous Zoe.

While ascending the stairs, Cyril questioned Raul.

"Do you think Gluttonous Zoe is connected to the dragon disaster prophecy?"

"I doubt it's completely unrelated, but there's no evidence either way. The other Sages seem to have a similar opinion."

A large-scale dragon disaster occurred right as the wielder of Gluttonous Zoe, Theodore Maxwell, attacked the capital. This was no coincidence, yet they had found nothing suggesting that Gluttonous Zoe had the power to control dragons.

(What if Theodore Maxwell obtained dragon allies on his own, unrelated to the ancient artifact...?)

Cyril glanced at the white dragon perched on his shoulder in the form of a white weasel. Thule tilted his small head and looked back at Cyril with round eyes.

"What's wrong?"

"...Thule, do you think it's possible for a human to make contracts with several dragons?"

Cyril and Thule formed a contract in order to transfer mana between them, but this contract also included a master-servant relationship.

What if Theodore Maxwell had made contracts with multiple dragons in a similar manner to Cyril? Could he have ordered those dragons to attack the capital?

"Hmm, I'm not sure, since I don't know much about contract formulas... Raul, do you know?"

When asked, Raul raised a hand to ensure Pikeh didn't fall off his head before speaking.

"Sounds pretty far-fetched to be honest. In the first place, the one you guys used was based on a spirit contract. It's an original creation that Monica came up with on the spot."

Indeed, the contract between Cyril and Thule had been drafted by Monica, then Melissa activated it with Raul's mana. They made the impromptu contract look easy, but that could not be further from the truth.

It would not make sense for Theodore Maxwell alone to perform a feat that required three casters on the level of Sages. Moreover, he would have to do it for each of the many dragons attacking the capital.

After considering these facts, Cyril thought over his plans again.

(Should I investigate Gluttonous Zoe itself as originally planned, or should I also look into the legends of black dragons...? Where should I put my focus?)

There was simply not enough time to investigate everything of interest.

While Cyril was worried about the mention of a black dragon in the Starseer Witch's prophesy, he decided to focus on Gluttonous Zoe first.

The deciding factor was Cyril's suspicions after hearing the Lorelei's story.

(I know how absurd it sounds, and I might be overthinking it. But if Gluttonous Zoe really is the boy king from the Lorelei's story...)

Cyril glanced down at his right hand. Not the lantern it was holding, but the ring on his middle finger. The Key of Knowledge Sophocles was still silent.

Not knowing how to address Sophocles, Cyril muttered to his other companion instead.

"...Raul."

"Yeah?"

Raul still seemed unusually quiet.

The man was generally chatty enough to bring up trivial topics whenever the conversation stopped. But today, he was passive, only responding when Cyril spoke to him.

Perhaps this was because he wanted to give Cyril time to gather his thoughts.

Cyril gave the ring one last glance before continuing.

"Regarding the true identities of the ancient artifacts..."

"It's probably exactly what you're thinking."

Cyril furrowed his brow, carving deep lines into his forehead.

The story of the Gluttonous Boy King was excessively cruel, in both his actions and his fate.

"...He may have been a criminal, but how could they turn a person into a tool...? That's simply inhumane."

"I thought it sounded like something that could have really happened."

Raul maintained a calm tone, as if accepting an irreversible fact.

Cyril paused climbing the stairs, looking down at Raul, who was several steps below. Raul's handsome face seemed to display a hint of indifference against the backdrop of the staircase's darkness.

That facial expression reminded Cyril of how Raul looked when borrowing the power of the First Thorn Witch.

"I've heard a lot of cruel stories from the old era since I was a kid," Raul explained. "About what our ancestors did. About what the surrounding countries did."

"..."

"That's why I didn't think it was strange for them to use humans as materials for magical tools. It sounded like something the people back then would think of."

Raul was often described as happy-go-lucky and carefree, but he came from one of the most prestigious of magical bloodlines, House Roseberg. Naturally, he possessed far more knowledge about the history and magic of the old era than Cyril.

In other words, Cyril's surprise at this revelation was a sign of his inexperience.

(Even so...)

Cyril tightened his grip on the lantern in his right hand, muttering to himself.

"The crimes of the Gluttonous King were heinous... Even so, the existence of ancient artifacts is a blasphemy against life itself. It goes against everything society believes in."

Ancient artifacts were living examples of humans being turned into tools. Cyril found this unacceptable, regardless of the circumstances.

Unlike the visibly conflicted Cyril, Raul replied in his usual nonchalant tone.

"Cyril, that's a fine way of thinking. In fact, the ancient artifacts probably fell out of use because more people started thinking like you."

"..."

Cyril pursed his lips and continued to silently climb the stairs. And while doing so, he thought to himself.

Was the ring currently on his right hand also someone who had once committed a grave sin?

(No. I shouldn't be diverting my attention to other things right now.)

Cyril's distaste for ancient artifacts was a subject for a later date. He needed to set it aside and concentrate on researching Gluttonous Zoe's powers.

After climbing the long spiral staircase and walking down a narrow corridor, the door of the First Forbidden Section came into view.

Right as Cyril opened the door, a chorus of voices echoed from inside.

—— "**Read me, read me, read me!**"

—— "**Read me, read me, read me!**"

—— "**Read me, read me, read me!**"

Simultaneously, the ring on Cyril's right hand flickered back to life, as if startled awake.

"*What!? We're already back in the First Forbidden Section!?*"

However, his words were quickly drowned out by the monsters clamoring to be read.

Cyril took a deep breath and raised his voice.

"I will give priority to any books mentioning Gluttonous Zoe or a black jeweled box! In addition... please come forward if you have a description of Eldiora!"

Hearing that name caused Raul to widen his eyes.

"Eldiora? You mean the Spirit King of Darkness...? But why?"

—— "**Eldiora the Spirit King of Darkness! It's there! I have it!**"

—— "**I know it! I know it! Come read me!**"

—— "**I have a description of a black jewel box, for just a few lines. Now, open my pages.**"

The monsters of the Forbidden Archives hurried to claim priority over each other. Left behind in their momentum, Sophocles groaned.

"*N-No, stop, you can't come forward on your own! If the books start doing that, then what is my point as a guide...?!*"

"Sophocles."

Cyril called the name of the ring, which responded in a lively tone, as if eager to be of service.

"*Yes, what is it? You can rely on me for anything. Which books shall I look into? Perhaps you wish to see the catalog?*"

Cyril stared at the Key of Knowledge.

The artifact's true identity was that of an eccentric old man who had been deprived of his freedom, and forced to work for lifetimes past his death. Thinking about it that way, Cyril felt a flood of emotions welling up in his chest.

He softened his usual stern expression into an awkward smile, then said...

"...You should take a little break."

"*Hey! Don't treat me like some pitiful old man relegated to retirement! I'm still in peak condition! I can work, you hear me!*"

<p style="text-align: center;">＊　＊　＊</p>

Isaac lowered his eyes as he reread the report in his carriage, lost in thought.

(...Time is running out.)

First, the attack by Theodore Maxwell. Then, the massive dragon disaster at the capital. The situation was moving much faster than he expected.

Most terrifying of all was the Starseer Witch's prophecy, which sent a chill down Isaac's spine.

(The worst dragon disaster in history... Sazandol, Silent Witch, Black Dragon...)

Isaac's greatest fear was threatening to come true.

(This may cause some trouble for Wildianu, but... I have to do this before returning to Erin.)

After the prophecy of another dragon disaster, all territory-holding nobles needed to focus on defending their lands.

Isaac knew that he would be stuck once he returned to his domain, so he wanted to take every possible countermeasure beforehand.

To protect the precious time he spent with irreplaceable friends. To protect his beloved everyday life.

(...This time, I will protect them.)

Unconsciously, Isaac raised his right hand and gripped his bangs.



