---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 351"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0351
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden13
chapter: 351
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 13: Secrets of the Silent Witch"
---
<h2>[V13C36] Until Next Time</h2>

Cyril and Glenn guided Isaac to a fancy restaurant relatively close to the Mage Association. They had likely reserved the entire building for the party.

It seemed strange that the curtains were all closed in the middle of the day, but this was probably to hide the presence of the Sages attending.

Isaac had rushed over after hearing that Monica called for him, but he planned to leave as soon as his business was done. He knew that he was an outsider to the Mage Association, so he intended to keep his distance.

Right before opening the door, Isaac paused and turned to Cyril and Glenn.

"Can we use the back door instead?"

"Why the back door?" Glenn asked in return.

"I prefer to avoid standing out. If we enter from the back, I can handle Monica's business discreetly and..."

Without giving him the chance to finish that sentence, Cyril silently opened the restaurant door, as Glenn nudged Isaac forward.

"The President has arrived!" Glenn shouted.

"Thank you for bringing him," came Monica's reply from inside the restaurant.

Pushed by Glenn, Isaac stumbled into the restaurant and lifted his head.

Due to the closed curtains, the room was only illuminated by faint candlelight. Coupled with the deep red carpet, it gave off the atmosphere of some kind of ritual.

There was a single table covered in a white cloth at the center of the restaurant. The other tables had all been pushed to the sides.

Monica stood in front of that central table, wearing her Sage robes with the hood covering her head. She held a staff the size of her height in her right hand.

Next to Monica was the Fourth Thorn Witch, Melissa Roseberg, the Fifth Thorn Witch, Raul Roseberg, and the Dragon Slayer Mage, Silas Page. Similar to Monica, they were all dressed in formal mage attire, wearing hooded robes and holding their staffs.

Other than them, there was only a single woman standing next to the entrance: Lana Colette, Monica's best friend and the President of the Flux Company. No one else was in the restaurant.

Why was she here? Where was everyone else? Was this more than just a simple party?

As Isaac puzzled over those questions, Melissa took a step forward and began speaking.

"We will now conduct the master-disciple pact between the Silent Witch Monica Everett and Isaac Walker."

The master-disciple pact. This was a traditional ceremony performed since ancient times, when a mage acknowledges someone as their disciple.

Isaac had read about it in books, but he had never seen it in practice. In the current era, only the most prestigious mage families bothered to do it anymore.

Melissa continued in an unusually solemn tone.

"Isaac Walker. If you accept, then don that robe and step forward."

Isaac stood stunned as Lana walked over and offered him a bundle of cloth. Judging by the heavy black fabric, it was likely a set of mage robes.

"This is a robe crafted by our company, commissioned by Silent Witch-sama," Lana explained.

Lana spread out the black robe in front of Isaac.

It seemed like a reserved design at first, but flipping the hem of the robe revealed a vibrant aquamarine color on the other side. The elaborate embroidery of magical symbols was tastefully hidden just barely out of sight.

(Monica commissioned this... for me...?)

Isaac looked at Monica, who fidgeted with her fingers before opening her mouth with a shy smile.

"Uh, I've actually been planning your robe for a while now. But instead of just handing it over... I wanted to acknowledge you as a full-fledged mage and, um..."

Melissa crossed her arms and interrupted Monica.

"You're an uninvited disciple, right? In that case, why not go through the hoops and become a proper one?"

It had almost completely slipped from Isaac's mind, but Melissa came from the prestigious House Roseberg. It made sense for her to care about the formal procedures for becoming an official disciple, even more than Monica.

Silas, who had been standing behind Monica, scratched his head with a somewhat embarrassed look.

"It's better if you have advanced mages present at these sorts of rituals, so... you can count me in as a witness to your pact."

"Witnesses are kinda like a guarantor in the world of mages," Raul explained. "Sis, Silas, and I are vouching for you, Isaac."

"Exactly," Melissa followed with a scoff. "So you better not screw up, stupid mutt. I'll seriously bury you alive."

The sound of the door shutting came from behind. Isaac turned around to see Glenn and Cyril struggling to suppress their laughter.

Those two had known about this, and were keeping it a secret from him.

As Isaac hesitated to speak, Monica stepped forward and asked him the question.

"Ike... Will you accept the master-disciple pact with me?"

How was he supposed to respond to that? Was there even a way to put the joy and affection overflowing from his heart into words?

Isaac swallowed back the overwhelming emotions, placing a hand on his chest as he bowed his head.

"I look forward to serving you, Master."

Lana moved behind Isaac and spread out his robe again.

When seen up close, the high quality of the fabric used for the lining became obvious. Isaac was also captivated by the beauty of the embroidery.

"You see the embroidered magical formulas for protection? I came up with those," Monica said, slightly embarrassed.

"...You did?"

"Yes! It's an original formula that I haven't publicized yet!"

An original formula by the Silent Witch!

Isaac opened his eyes to the limit to burn the sight in. This was something he could not afford to miss.

"Oh, and I thought you would prefer something easy to move in," Monica continued. "So I had them add, um..."

Lana whispered, "Slits!" prompting Monica to hastily correct herself.

"Right, I had them add slits to the hem there."

His beloved master seemed incredibly pleased. It was evident that she took great pride in her friend's craftsmanship.

She had surely consulted Lana extensively on all aspects of the robe, from the fabric to the design, and even the magical formulas to embroider.

Isaac slipped his arms into the robe as Lana held it out. Despite not having his measurements taken, the size matched him perfectly.

(Of course, the golden ratio...)

Monica could tell all of his sizes with a single glance.

Isaac chuckled to himself, remembering back to the first time Monica described him as, "*It's the golden ratio!*"

She was once a girl who could only remember people by numbers, but now, she could use those numbers to craft a wonderful robe for him. This gift from Monica filled him with joy.

The black robe had a cape attached, giving it a solemn atmosphere overall. However, the slits spread open as he walked to reveal the vibrant-colored lining and embroidery.

Once Isaac was finished checking his robe, Melissa explained the procedure of the ceremony.

"The actual party starts in thirty minutes, so let's hurry it up before the rest of the Mage Association arrives. The master places the hood on her disciple, then infuses mana into the water inside the goblet and takes a sip. The disciple takes the goblet and drinks the rest. Got it?"

Melissa lifted a decanter filled with water and quietly poured it into a golden goblet, but she suddenly paused when the goblet was half full.

"To tell the truth, this ceremony is supposed to be done with wine," Melissa said with a playful grin.

"Ah! Um, Onee-san, t-that's..."

The grinning Melissa and the flustered Monica. Watching their reactions was enough for Isaac to imagine why he wasn't allowed to see Monica yesterday.

(I see, so she got drunk...)

Isaac made a subtle glance at Cyril and Glenn. Since neither of them showed any reaction, they were probably not present to see her.

That's good. If they had seen her, Isaac wasn't confident in his ability to remain calm.

On the other hand, Silas was awkwardly averting his eyes. He'll need to be interrogated later.

"Um, y-you see," Monica stammered. "Too much mana isn't good for the body, so I wanted to make sure it's okay for you to drink..."

"Thank you for caring about my well-being, Master."

"O-Of course! Because you're my disciple!"

Monica huffed through her nose and clenched both fists.

"Now then, let's get this ceremony started!" Melissa declared.

Monica stood in front of the central table, with Melissa, Silas, and Raul standing behind her. Cyril, Glenn, and Lana lined up in front of the door.

Isaac smoothed out the edges of his robe, then moved in front of Monica with his hood off.

The staff in Monica's hands sparkled slightly in the candlelight. Those sparkles symbolized the brilliant world Isaac had always longed for.

The world of magic. And as one of Sages standing at its peak, Monica called his name.

"Isaac Walker. Step forward."

Under the guidance of her calm and dignified voice, Isaac took a step forward and knelt down.

Monica used her small fingers to grasp the hood of Isaac's robe and gently place it on him.

Hooded robes were the formal attire of a mage, so the master placing the hood on the disciple symbolized accepting them into the world of magic.

When Monica placed the hood, they made eye contact for a brief moment. Her peridot-colored eyes reflected the candlelight with a gentle warmth.

If Isaac ever found himself lost in the darkness ahead, those eyes would surely find him again.

Monica helped Isaac up, then raised the golden goblet in her right hand as she held onto her staff in her left.

A few particles of white light spilled from her hand into the goblet, causing the water to glow slightly. She had infused it with her mana.

Monica tilted the goblet and took a sip of its contents. Then, she offered it to Isaac while voicing her vows.

"I, Monica Everett, the Silent Witch, vow to be your guiding light until the end of my days, without seeking any compensation."

Isaac clenched his fists for a moment to stop the trembling in his fingers, then accepted the goblet.

If Monica was going to say that to him, he knew exactly how to respond.

"I, Isaac Walker, vow to repay my master's kindness by supporting you until the end of my days."

Isaac finished the contents of the goblet. The mana-infused water gave him a sensation far more intoxicating and blissful than any wine.

In contrast to his jubilation, Monica seemed somewhat flustered, having dropped the face of the 'cool master' and returning to her usual face.

"Um, Ike, y-you don't have to repay me, you know?"

"Shouldn't any disciple want to repay their master's kindness?"

"B-But you don't have to..."

Before Monica could continue her complaints, Melissa whispered, "The documents!" from behind her.

Upon closer inspection, there were indeed several documents placed next to the decanter. Was there some sort of formal contract as well?

Monica awkwardly cleared her throat, then handed him the documents.

"Now, I have a present for my disciple."

Upon closer inspection, the first sheet of paper had the words "Novice Mage Exam" and "Application Accepted".

Isaac was stunned. The man named 'Isaac Walker' was supposed to be long dead.

However, these documents clearly stated that he was permitted to take the Novice Mage Exam.

"How...?" Isaac muttered, turning to Monica.

Monica simply placed an index finger on her lips with a faint smile, as if to say, "*That's a secret.*"

Isaac could think of a few people capable of doing this. But after comparing that to the list of people who knew his identity, and the people Monica was likely to request help from... It had to be *him*.

(...How soft can you be?)

Isaac suppressed a wry smile as he looked at Monica again.

"I promise to live up to your expectations... First, by passing the Novice Mage Exam."

"I believe in you, Ike!" Monica replied. "I'll do my best to support... O-Oh no, I'm not allowed to help... What do I do, what do I do..."

As someone involved in creating the written portion of the exam, Monica was not allowed to share the exam questions. This realization left her very distressed. 

Suddenly, Glenn, who had been standing politely near the door, raised his hand energetically.

"In that case, President! I want to study with you! I don't even know where to start with the intermediate-level questions. Help me please!"

"Hold on, Dudley. You've already passed the novice-level exam, so why are you the one asking for help?"

Cyril pointed out the contradiction with a stern face, as the nearby Lana chuckled.

As Isaac enjoyed the exchange between his friends, Silas broke in with an air of seniority.

"Well, you know. I may be a junior to Silent-neesan, but I'm like a big brother to Ike. If there's ever something you don't understand, just come and ask your bro."

"Is that so?" Isaac asked. "In that case, regarding the connection malfunction occurring between Section 28 and Section 30 when incorporating the underwater reconnaissance spell with the dragon detection spell, I've compiled some questions into a report. I expect an early response."

"Damn, you're the least adorable little brother I've ever seen..."

The solemn mood of the ceremony had all but dissipated, so Melissa stretched to release the tension from her shoulders.

"Now that the ceremony is over, it's time to party. I expect all of you to sing my praises."

"In that case, let's open the curtains!" Raul said, forcefully pulling them open.

The noon sun streamed in through the windows, creating bands of light in the dim room.

As Isaac squinted against the brightness, he noticed Monica tugging at the hem of his robe.

Monica and even Cyril seemed to have a sparkle in their eyes, like excited children with a wonderful idea.

"You know, Ike. For today's celebration, we're going to be praising you a lot. You'd better brace yourself, okay?"

"I heard from Monica that she wants to praise you," Cyril followed. "I've written a report summarizing your best qualities, so please allow me to read it aloud before submission."

Isaac could already imagine Monica and Cyril's earnest praises, followed by the occasional fumble and him trying to hold back his laughter.

But did he really need to hold it back anymore? Why not just allow himself to laugh to his heart's content?

"Thank you, I'll be looking forward to it," Isaac replied, turning his gaze outside the window.

A deep azure was visible beyond the glass window, reminding him of the approaching summer.

Never again would he have to search that sky for the Hero's Star.

Everything precious was already right here with him. All he had to do was continue walking alongside them.

(Until the day we meet again.)

On the back of his eyelids, he saw a vision of the kind prince smiling and saying, "You can do it."





