---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 258"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0258
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden11
chapter: 258
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden 11: Twinkling is the Star of Loss"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

#### Main Characters

**Monica Everett**

One of the Seven Sages, the Silent Witch. Now back to being Monica Raine, which is before she enrolled in Minerva and became known as Everett the Mute.

*People are scary. I want to be a cat.*

<br/>

**Isaac Walker**

Lost his face as Felix Arc Ridill. Just Isaac Walker now.

<br/>

**Nero**

The Black Dragon of Worgan that once shook Ridill to its core.

He frequents Lana's company, serving as a bouncer and doing odd jobs for food.

<br/>

**Cyril Ashley**

The heir of Marquis Highown. Also an idol to the monsters of the Forbidden Archives.

The impressions he submitted to the Lorelei were later compiled into a book called "Hymns of the Lorelei."

<br/>

#### Seven Sages / Former Sages

**Silas Page**

One of the Seven Sages, the Dragon Slayer Mage.

He was daydreaming about an "apron beauty (with ample chest)" and an exchange like "I can take that plate for you" "Oh my, you're so strong Silas-san." But it actually turned out to be an apron beauty (male) effortlessly lifting a heavy tray with a pie dish and tea set. Quite a harsh reality.

<br/>

**Louis Miller**

One of the Seven Sages, the Barrier Mage.

Still not used to his shortened hair, but upon seeing the new form of his master, he reassured himself that he's better off.

<br/>

**Raul Roseberg**

One of the Seven Sages, the Fifth Thorn Witch. Second idol to the monsters of the Forbidden Archives.

They keep asking him to become a sadistic queen like the First Thorn Witch. Frankly, he just wants to leave.

<br/>

**Ray Albright**

One of the Seven Sages, the Third Abyss Shaman.

The precious experience of shopping at a wonderful apparel store has become an unforgettable memory.

<br/>

**Bradford Firestone**

One of the Seven Sages, the Artillery Mage.

The man with the highest firepower among the Seven Sages, making him limited in use. He always wants to be on the front lines, which worries his disciple to no end.

<br/>

**Mary Harvey**

One of the Seven Sages, the Starseer Witch. Currently in a comatose state.

One of the few people who can handle Duke Crockford. She's been making unreasonable requests of him since their engagement days.

<br/>

**Melissa Roseberg**

Former Sage, the Fourth Thorn Witch.

Stole the biggest room (branch director's office) at the Sazandol branch of the Mage Association, using it as her private room. The branch director is crying.

<br/>

**Carla Maxwell**

Former Sage, the Starspear Witch. Currently in a comatose state.

<br/>

#### People in the Capital

**Gideon Rutherford**

Professor at Minerva. Also known as the Smoke Mage.

Despite turning into a five-year-old, he doesn't intend to use his childishness as a weapon.

<br/>

**Glenn Dudley**

The son of a butcher and Louis's disciple. Currently undergoing training in multiple reinforcement spells.

<br/>

**Elianne Hyatt**

The daughter of Duke Reinberg. Her hair and skin have been taken away.

Has only dabbled slightly in magecraft, but she possesses a decent amount of mana.

<br/>

**Hubert Dee**

Monica's (self-proclaimed) servant. His magic is currently sealed.

Seems to reasonably enjoy training his disciple, and looks forward to sending a new monster to Minerva.

<br/>

**Norman**

Hubert's disciple. A talented disciple who, having understood the good and bad aspects of his master, avidly absorbs only the good parts, such as his knowledge.

He hopes to contribute to Sechen Village someday by utilizing magic for commercial purposes.

<br/>

#### People of Sazandol

**Lana Colette**

President of the Flux Company.

Appreciates Bartholomew Alexander for taking the initiative in handling tasks that Clifford usually avoids.

<br/>

**Clifford Anderson**

Lana's secretary. A man who throws insults every time he appears.

Generally doesn't have ill will, but has even less good will.

Does not know how his age ranks among his father's many children.

<br/>

**Karina Barr**

One of the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans, known as 'Barr of the Divine Eye'.

Since Bartholomew-san (Nero in human form) resembles her brother a bit, she has grown very fond of him.

<br/>

**Anthony Winkel**

The eldest of the Winkel brothers. A muscular man with impressive biceps. Currently in a comatose state.

<br/>

**Michel Winkel**

The second of the Winkel brothers. A flirty man. Currently in a comatose state.

<br/>

**Teodor Winkel**

The fourth of the Winkel brothers. A dog lover. Currently in a comatose state.

<br/>

**Robert Winkel**

The fifth of the Winkel brothers. A chess enthusiast. Currently in a comatose state.

<br/>

**Branch Director**

Runs the Sazandol branch of the Mage Association.

Had his office occupied by Melissa, had to pay for her dresser, and had to go around explaining the squealing plants to the neighbors. An unlucky 51-year-old single man.

<br/>

#### Non-Humans

**Ashelpikeh (Pikeh)**

A greater ice spirit contracted to Cyril.

As the first wife, she thinks she's the most important.

<br/>

**Thule**

The White Dragon of Mount Kalug. Contracted to Cyril.

Fragile but not weak. His jaws are big enough to swallow most monsters whole.

<br/>

**Sophocles**

The Key of Knowledge, an ancient artifact. At an age where he wants to be relied upon.

<br/>

**Rynzbelfied**

A greater wind spirit contracted to Louis.

She was secretly waiting for the opportunity to stylishly cut Louis's braids. Now very disappointed that someone else beat her to it.

---

Q: Where is the third of the Winkel brothers?

A: Sven is the third brother. He is a diplomat rather than a knight, so he stayed behind this time.

As the brains behind the bunch, Sven often advises his brother on courting women like this: "One must charm women by likening them to flowers; that cannot possibly go wrong." He also suggested that they should opt for being called "Onii-chama" by their younger sister in the "What to be called by your sister?" debate, making him undoubtedly the most intellectual.

<br/>

Q: Is Isaac actually a freeloader?

A: Back when Isaac first joined Monica as a (self-proclaimed) disciple, they had a dispute while shopping.

"I am the master, so I will pay for it!"

"It's usually the man who pays in situations like this, you know."

Monica refused to yield, so now he contributes a fixed amount to the Everett household's living expenses every month.

Meanwhile, Nero swipes pocket money from those funds without permission, using it to indulge in snacks.

---

Author Note: my keyboard is cursed to auto-correct a certain person's name to "Aisaku", and as expected, I ended up succumbing to the curse. Many thanks to the readers who reported typos and errors.


