---
layout: post
title:  "Silent Witch Gaiden Chapter 371"
permalink: SilentWitchGaiden/0371
categories: SilentWitchGaiden Gaiden14
chapter: 371
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
draft: true
comments: true
notes: "Gaiden After 1: A Flower For You"
---
<h2>[Characters]</h2>

### Kingdom of Ridill

**Bridget Greyham**

Diplomatic secretary to the Third Prince.

Is actually quite terrified of bugs. She'll scream if she encounters one while alone.

She managed to eat potatoes, but is secretly worried if she could endure visiting a culture that eats insects.

**Albert Frau Robelia Ridill**

The Third Prince. Busy with both royal duties and student life.

Unlike his brothers, he's still growing steadily in his own way. Stumbles sometimes, but he'll get back on his feet.

**Patrick Andrews**

The Third Prince's attendant. A big eater.

Has a complicated relationship with his two older brothers, but he enjoys sharing stories of brotherhood with Albert.

**Ray Albright**

One of the Seven Sages, the Abyss Shaman.

Thinks of himself as someone with incredibly poor timing. But other people think of him as the guy who always snatches up the best outcome in the end.

"I know all of you think I'm terrible at reading the room...! Dammit, dammit! I'm definitely better than the Thorn Witch...!"

**Felix Arc Ridill / Isaac Walker**

The Second Prince. Currently practicing squirting in Sazandol.

If Kollwitz's handkerchief Elfriede had been delivered to him as originally intended, the barrier would have saved him in a pinch, thus engraving him in the history books as the "Fairy Prince"... but that is story never to be told.

### Schwargard Empire

**Henrik Blanquet**

The calm but violent Margrave Valmbelk.

Does not particularly like fighting; he just treats it as the family business.

Later, the Black Lion Emperor questioned him about his relationship with Bridget.

He answered, "We ate potatoes from the same hearth," and was safely released.

**Frieda Blanquet**

Henrik's younger sister.

Previously worked as the deputy lord and handled the castle's bookkeeping, so she understands their finances better than Henrik.

To be honest, she values tomorrow's potatoes over concepts like loyalty or honor.

Most of the embroidery on Henrik's coat is the work of Frieda. When she promised to embroider Ray's casual robes next, Ray flipped over in joy.

Ray: "I'm so happy... O-Oh no, wearing it might be a waste... I'll treasure it as much as possible...!"

Frieda: "You should learn from him, Brother."

Henrik clutched his stomach in pain.

**Teodor Blanquet**

Margrave Valmbelk from two generations ago. The War Wolf of Valmbelk. Sword Saint. Henrik's grandfather.

Slayed countless dragons and has many fans, even in neighboring countries.

**General Strauss**

Conspired with the lords of Old Solyarg to occupy Valmbelk.

Secretly loved Erika, the older sister of previous Lord Konitz. However, he never confessed his feelings because he knew that as a soldier, he was likely to die on the battlefield.

**Richard Konitz**

Lord of Hydelingen. Descendant of the Solyarg royal bloodline.

Personally does not care much about his Solyarg blood. The spiteful rants of his mother and General Strauss left him traumatized.

On the other hand, the Black Lion Emperor was just as scary, and likely to assassinate him if word of his ancestry got out. Had to live in constant fear of everyone.

**Birendahl**

The tsundere old man with the "*It's not like I wanted to see you or anything!*" attitude. He meddled in the negotiations to counter the Second Prince, and got grumpy when the Third Prince showed up instead.

Performed a re-evaluation of the Third Prince after this incident, and became more sincere in his duties.

**Helmfried Kollwitz**

Kollwitz of the "Fairy Fingers", one of the Imperial Magic Cross Flame Heaven Four Artisans. Craftsman of lace and embroidery.

While Bridget was persuading General Strauss and Henrik, he was the smug old man standing in the back with his arms crossed. Everyone wondered who he was.

**Einhard Berger**

Third son of one of the Empire's Four Great Houses. His family has the highest rank out of all the characters present in this chapter.

A playboy and delinquent knight, but on rare occasion, he is personally entrusted with missions from the Black Lion Emperor.

Often draws the short straw, but he can enjoy life that way too.

---

**Timeline from Gaiden 13 to Gaiden After 1**

* Day before the Sage Induction Ceremony, Frieda wakes up

* Day of the ceremony

* Albert departs the Kingdom of Ridill

* Frieda departs the Kingdom of Ridill

* Monica returns home to Sazandol ([Gaiden V13C28](/SilentWitchGaiden/0343))

* Ryn flies Ray to the border

* Frieda arrives at Valmbelk

* Anonymous Potluck Party ([Gaiden V13C35](/SilentWitchGaiden/0350))

* Albert arrives at Valmbelk

* General Strauss attempts take over of Valmbelk Castle

---

Ryn is quite busy going back and forth all over the place.

We will be returning to Monica and friends in Gaiden After 2. She and Raul are going to be wrapped up in a big commotion.



