---
layout: post
title:  "Honzuki Manga Part 4 Vol 3 SS"
permalink: honzukimanga4/0003.html
categories: HonzukiManga4
chapter: 3
exclude: true
translator: Seeker (+DeepL)
editor: 
draft: true
noheader: true
comments: false
---
<h2>A Side Unknown to the Master</h2>

「Leonore, Cornelius, may I have a word? It's about the first years, and Judithe told me that it's a good idea to report it to the whole entourage.」

It was the day when Rozemyne-sama was visibly excited for Library Registration tomorrow when a nervous-looking Philine approached us with a look of concern for her surroundings. I exchanged glances with Cornelius and nodded slightly.

「Let's gather the entourage. I will talk to Rihyarda.」

「I'll go talk to Traugott and Hartmut. Philine, can you grab the meeting room?」

I consult with Rihyarda and ask Rozemyne-sama to return to her room, and we go to the conference room. Unlike in the castle, the male members of the entourage can't go up to the third floor where the women's rooms are located, so we must meet in the first floor conference room.

「Philine, is there a problem among the first-year students?」

「Rozemyne-sama is going to register all the first-year students, but some of them have already passed the class and they don't want to register in the library this year. They are frustrated with the current situation where they are forced to do so even though it is a heavy financial burden.」

「Especially Bernold is an noble of the old Veronica faction, so he may be originally opposed to Rozemyne-sama.」

Philine is not so sure, and she is vague to avoid any bad feelings among the first-year students, but Judithe, who had heard Philine's story before, explains.

「Rozemyne-sama wants to eliminate factional relationships at Royal Academy, but that's not the same as being concerned about the safety of our master and sharing information, is it? I recommended to Philine that she report any grievances among the first-year students that she thinks should be shared.」

Judithe's father is a knight in the service of Giebe Kirnberger. Therefore, she seems to know the basics of how to be a knight in the service of a master. I have to revise my assessment of Judithe, who had stated that she admired Angelica.

「I don't have a problem with Bernold's thinking that registration fees are not cheap and that laynobles and mednobles are only registering at the library for usage of the carrels and reference books. It's not surprising that they don't want to register if they've already completed the coursework.」

Traugott spoke with an understanding of Bernold, and Cornelius nodded lightly at him.

「There are many lectures that scholar apprentices have to use the library for when they are senior students, but attendant apprentices and knight apprentices sometimes graduate without ever setting foot in the library. Rozemyne-sama was surprised that Angelica never registered despite being in her final year.」

「Yes. I had forgotten the library existed. I have no use for the library and I don't think it is necessary to register as a final year student because it is a waste of the registration fee, but Rozemyne-sama and Stenluke scolded me, so I will register with the first year students.」

As long as Rozemyne-sama is a frequent visitor to the library, it will not good if her guard knight is not allowed to enter. Angelica's registration is compulsory.

……By the way, I wonder if all mednobles here are registered?

「Judithe, are you registered?」

「Yes. I registered with a friend who told me it was a must if I ever go to Central.」

The best knight graduates of the Royal Academy are sometimes scouted by the Central Order, and I remembered that the Central Order required access to the Royal Academy library. Since there were knights failing to enter after being ordered to the library for investigation and capture during the political upheaval, it is now obligatory to complete the registration as a student.

「Oh my. Judithe wants to go to Central?」

Brunhilde raised her voice in surprise, and Judithe looked flustered and shook her head in embarrassment.

「Oh! No, of course not… I was just trying to look good. But last year, I borrowed a reference book from the library, so it wasn't a waste of the registration.」

After looking at her with a smile, I turned my attention to Lieseleta.

「I am registered. I was in and out of the library to get some information for my sister after being asked by Cornelius to help her…」

The people around her are convinced, and all eyes turned to the older sister who carefully watched over her younger sister. The face of Angelica herself, however, simply showed nothing.

……I was surprised to learn that Liesereta and Cornelius had been in contact with each other.

As I was squinting my eyes at this new knowledge, Judithe raised her hand.

「Well, archnobles often ask mednoble or laynoble to borrow books instead of going to the library themselves, don't they? Are you registered as archnobles?」

「The teachers always said that the archnobles are a central position in the dorm. I have registered myself but I rarely go to the reading room.」

If a mednoble or laynoble from our territory has a dispute with a student in another territory, the archnobles must be there to mediate or check on the situation. It would be a poor excuse to say "There is no archnoble who can enter the library because no one is registered."

「Archnobles must have so much to do.」

Philine exhales in admiration.

「Yes. It's also part of our duty to create jobs for laynobles and mednobles. I understand Bernold's frustration, but isn't it necessary for him to register with the library if he wants to find and compile materials for next year's class?」

「Indeed, Rozemyne-sama's assignment of library transcripts should be done by laynobles and mednobles, who need the financial support. What's the use of complaining when you have finished your studies early, when you have plenty of time to start transcribing? Paper and ink are provided, and it's a great assignment that will make Rozemyne-sama very happy.」

I took one look at Hartmut and then quickly glanced away. I must not voice my agreement with him because it would only extend the conversation.

「Nowadays, printing has become a business over the entire duchy, but it was originally started by Rozemyne personally. There is no limit to the amount of money she will spend on books, so those that need it should take advantage. Just don't underestimate her obsession with books. We need to keep that in mind.」

Everyone nodded at Cornelius's words. If you look at how she forced the first-year students to go to the library, you'll understand. Many were surprised by the current incident. This was very different from the Rozemyne who read books quietly in the children's room, watched over the surroundings, and gave careful instructions to Moritz-sama according to the progress of each student.

「May I ask Lieseleta and Judithe to explain the usefulness of the library registration to the first years? If someone like Hartmut or me goes, they might take it as pressure from the Leisegangs.」

<br>

As a result of these discussions and laying the groundwork, the dissatisfied first-year students were successfully persuaded, and the library registration itself was completed successfully.

……Yes, the registration itself was successful……

「Ahhh! A splendid blessing overflowing from praying to Mestionora, the goddess of wisdom! The magic tools began moving again! They have been given life. In other words, Rozemyne-sama has performed a miracle on par with the gods that created life. That glitter and majesty is the same as the blessings I saw before.」

Currently, Brunhilde, Hartmut, Cornelius, and I are gathered in the conference room to discuss the future. We only had the Reisegang senior aides here because we didn't want to display Hartmut's excitement to the others.

「Is that a common phenomenon? Solange-sensei was happy, but I just feel like she shouldn't have been.」

Turning my back on Hartmut, I asked Cornelius and Brunhilde for their opinion. But Hartmut came around to cut me off, saying, "Does Leonore really think that blessing is a common phenomenon?"

「I know it is unusual. I would not use such a large number of mana in a greeting blessing at a first meeting. I have prayed to the gods for blessings in the divine protections ritual, but I have never prayed to the gods in my daily life with my own emotions.」

「The large amount of mana is probably due to Jureve's influence. She mentioned that it was difficult to adjust mana usage. Isn't it more problematic that the magic tools that started moving belonged to the old royal family?」

Brunhilde pointed out a problem, and Cornelius crossed his arms with a difficult look on his face.

「The fact that she used the blessed mana to awaken the magical artifact that had been inactive since the political upheaval made my blood drain from my face as well. I didn't think she could do such a thing, and as a guard knight it's quite a headache.

「A magical tool made by an old royal family and passed down to the senior librarians. The archduke candidate of Ehrenfest has earned the right to be its master. We may get a greater duchy asking to hand it over.」

「Some may try to take it by force, and if they are a duchy on the losing side of the political upheaval, they may think they can make some demands of the royal family in exchange for the transfer of ownership.」

Hartmut's prediction took my breath away. Although it is unlikely, it seems that we have to consider the possibility of being involved in a forceful attempt by the loser archduchies.

「We know Rozemyne doesn't want to monopolize or take away the library's magic tools, but that may not be how it will look to others. Even though Ferdinand-sama has given her a talisman, we should eliminate the danger as much as possible.」

If possible, I would like to transfer the ownership to Solange-sensei or the royal family as soon as possible. However, even though Solange-sensei's mana could not move it, it is a magic tool that has been neglected until now. I do not know how the royal family will handle it.

「Cornelius, I have not been in the library of the Royal Academy very often, only to register. Wouldn't it be better for one of the guard knights to check the evacuation route of the library before Rozemyne-sama goes there?」

A normal archduke candidate would have their entourage go to the library to pick up the books they want. The archduke candidate does not visit the library often. Therefore, they do not expect to visit the library, even if it is in the vicinity of the classrooms or dormitories that are often used for lectures.

「Ah, Leonore is right, you should check it out as soon as possible. But if Rozemyne finds out, she will insist on going with us. It's going to be hard to keep her in the dark.」

Cornelius let out a sigh, saying that it would troublesome if she insisted on going. Remembering how Rozemyne-sama had cried and complained that she wanted to go to the reading room when she registered today, I agreed.

「Then, I will distract Rozemyne-sama for the time being.」

「Is that possible, Hartmut? Rozemyne has keen senses when it comes to libraries.」

Hartmut was not fazed by Cornelius' skeptical look and puffed out his chest.

「I'll check out a few books from the library that Rozemyne-sama doesn't have at Ehrenfest. I'm sure she won't be able to see the entourage's movements while she's reading them.」

「I see. Then, can I leave it to Leonore to check the library?」

Cornelius said that his priority was to make sure Angelica passed the class. I feel a little disappointed, but I am glad to be asked to help. When I agreed, Brunhilde asked me to accompany her.

「If Rozemyne-sama is going to spend a lot of time in the library, I, as an apprentice attendant, would like to see if there are facilities for making tea and a place to rest.」

「If you do, could you take Philine with you as a scholar apprentice?」

「Philine? I don't mind, but why?」

This is a confirmation of a place Rozemyne-sama's will enter. I thought Hartmut, who is mainly devoted to Rozemyne-sama, would insist on going. Or, more precisely, I did not think that he would hand over the role to another person.

「There must have been no one in her laynoble's upbringing who could have taught her about the work and preparation of an archducal family entourage. I don't want her to act or behave in a manner that is insensitive to her position as a member of the inner circle because of that. There are a lot of things I can't teach her myself.」

Hartmut says that he wants to encourage the members to be aware of their role as close associates by seeing them examine the library and work for the master from the standpoint of close associates.

「It is true that Philine's failure will lead to the master's failure and her leadership will be questioned. Besides, there are many places that are inaccessible to Hartmut, who is of the opposite sex. We, as members of the same sex, have to cooperate with them as close associates.」

Brunhilde nods in agreement. I do not disagree with the basic idea.

「Rihyarda asked me about this when asking me to join the entourage, and I have no problem mentoring the junior staff, but Hartmut also has access to the library. Why do you want to leave Philine in our hands? We can't teach her the details of how to behave as an apprentice scholar, even if we raise her as a member of the entourage.」

Hartmut glanced at me as if he was up to something, and Brunhilde and Cornelius also looked at him suspiciously.

「If Rozemyne-sama is reading and has a question during the reading, she needs someone to answer it, no? We don't want her to lose her concentration and start looking for her entourage.」

「But that's not all, is it?」

Hartmut brushed off my question with a smile. Either way, I'm sure he would just say something to anger Cornelius, such as "Nothing is better than watching Rozemyne-sama read a book that I have chosen for her."

……Protecting Rozemyne-sama from Hartmut is also an important job as guard knight.







