---
layout: post
title:  "Honzuki P5V8 SS"
permalink: honzuki/p5v8ss
categories: HonzukiSS
chapter: 1
exclude: true
translator: Seeker (+DeepL)
editor: 
draft: true
noheader: true
comments: true
---
<h2>Dunkelfelger's Conference Room</h2>

It was around the time of the fifth bell when an Ordonanz flew into the third training area in the castle of Dunkelfelger.

「Heisshitze, knights at the chief level and higher are being assembled urgently. Come to the meeting room of the archducal family in the main building.」

The order was delivered via Ordonanz from the Deputy Knight Commander, and I left the knight's training hall. It is not so unusual in Dunkelfelger for the upper echelons of the knighthood to be summoned to the meeting room of the archducal family. If a feybeast is confirmed somewhere in the duchy and a request is made to the knighthood, a meeting is held to decide who will be sent to take it down.

*……It seems we'll be sent out again.*

In Dunkelfelger, where there are many hot-blooded knights, there is a great deal of trouble over who will go to defeat the fey and who will stay in the castle. First lady Sieglinde-sama keeps an eye on the knights to ensure the deployment is as even as possible, but when a rare feybeast appears, the Aub may suddenly announce his participation. In such a case, the meeting becomes even more heated because the knight commander and his guard knights will accompany us to defeat the feybeasts, so we have to be on our toes.

「Oh?」

When I arrived at the meeting room, I found not only the top leaders of the knighthood, the archduke and first lady, but also Lestilaut-sama and Hannelore-sama were present, which was rare. Sieglinde-sama's smile was several times more intimidating than usual. I overheard the archduke and first lady whispering to each other, "Tell us what you want quickly" and "I'll tell you when the meeting starts."

*……I think I'm going to get caught in the middle of that if I get too close.*

I am not the only knight who thinks so. The seats where the knights were sitting are somehow grouped together, and it seems that they were trying to stay away from the archducal family as much as possible. I also chose a seat where I could distance myself from them.

「Isn't this meeting about defeating fey?」

「I thought it was about defeating fey too, but from the smile on Sieglinde-sama's face, I guess it's about something else.」

「The Aub must have come up with something crazy again. Sieglinde-sama would crush the proposal if they spoke in advance, so he's keeping his mouth shut until everyone's here, isn't he?」

「Am I the only one who remembers when the Aub brought out Leidenschaft's spear from the temple and said that we will be able to use it too?」

The whispered opinions are unanimous among the knights. It seems that the Aub knew something that required the knights to mobilize. Well, what happened? We wait for the meeting to start as quietly as possible so as not to incur Sieglinde-sama's wrath.

<br>

「Tonight, we are calling for knight applicants to participate in real Ditter!」

The Aub's words were so abrupt that I could hardly believe my ears as soon as the meeting started. The conference room was filled with a stir, and Sieglinde-sama glanced at Aub with a sharp look in her eyes.

「Werdeclaf-sama, what are you talking about all of a sudden!? Aub Dunkelfelger should not speak these words lightly. You know that, don't you?」

Real Ditter is the act of taking away the Foundation Magic of another territory, i.e., invading them. At a time when a Zent without Grutrissheit is desperately trying to stabilize the country, it is not a good thing for Dunkelfelger to do. Especially since we are the home of Zent's third wife, the second largest greater duchy, as well as the most militaristic one.

Sieglinde-sama's accusation is justified. Even though we know it, we the knights cannot help but move our hearts and bodies to the words "real Ditter".

「What do you mean by real Ditter? What's going on?」

「Aub, where are we headed?」

For the past few years, only students from the Royal Academy had the chance to perform Ditter with Ehrenfest, and we have always wanted to be a part of it. If there is a good cause, we would jump for the chance right away. When we asked for an explanation, Aub opened his mouth with a grin.

「First of all, Dunkelfelger will not be the one getting the Foundation Magic from another territory. Ehrenfest has simply asked for our cooperation.」

It seems that Ferdinand-sama, who was on his way to Ahrensbach by royal order, was poisoned by Dietlinde-sama and collapsed in the Supply Room. Ehrenfest is going to Ahrensbach to save him.

「Ferdinand-sama has been poisoned?!」

My fidgety mood vanishes, with a chill going down my spine. It is true that Ferdinand-sama and Dietlinde-sama, whom I saw when I went to Ahrensbach for the funeral of the previous archduke, did not seem to get along well with each other. However, it was a political marriage ordered by the king to support the Aub who had little experience. I never thought this would lead to poisoning.

*……Is it my fault?*

I always wanted Ferdinand-sama to leave Ehrenfest. I was angry that despite all his talents, he was not given due recognition in the duchy, and after the death of the archduke, he was put in the temple. I wanted to show the nobles of Ehrenfest that Ferdinand-sama, who had been placed in the backwater duchy's temple, was a man of ability desired by even the archducal family of greater duchies. However, this backfired completely.

「Rozemyne-sama is going to the rescue tonight. Dunkelfelger will assist them. It is Rozemyne-sama and Ehrenfest who are the main players.」

At Aub's words, the knights got up from their seats and rushed to his side.

「I'll go! Please allow me to save Ferdinand-sama!」

「No, no, I'm coming!」

Normally, I would have been the first to step up. I would have insisted on involving myself with Ferdinand-sama's business…… But now that my actions have backfired and put Ferdinand-sama in a difficult situation, I hesitate to make a move. If I act again, I may just put Ferdinand-sama into a disadvantageous position once more.

Still, I could not stop myself from wanting to do something for Ferdinand-sama, so I joined the last row of the knights who wanted to participate. I was right next to Hannelore-sama and Lestilaut-sama. Hannelore-sama was smiling with a face that seemed out of place amidst the clamor of the knights asking Aub to allow them to go into battle.

「Since Rozemyne-sama is going to the rescue, I see she must have recovered from her long illness. I'm so relieved, right, Onii-sama?」

「……That's what you chose to say in this situation?」

Lestilaut-sama looked at Hannelore-sama in exasperation. Hannelore-sama had betrayed her allies by leaving her own camp at Ditter about a year ago, and had been refused a marriage into Ehrenfest, which she had accepted without question. In Dunkelfelger, she is treated as an archduke candidate who has lost face because of her unthinkable failures.

When Lestilaut-sama pointed this out to her, Hannelore-sama looked around at the reactions and then slumped her shoulders.

「It's one thing for me to be concerned about my friends, and another to be concerned about the situation I've brought on myself.」

It was a very small murmur, but it certainly reached my ears.

*……Hannelore-sama is completely right!*

「Aub, please let allow me to rescue Ferdinand-sama!」

Immediately, I pushed forward to get ahead of the knights who were trying to surround the Aub.

Sieglinde-sama shouted at them.

「Be quiet! I am sorry for Ferdinand-sama, but this is no reason for Dunkelfelger to move.」

「It was Dunkelfelger who sent Ferdinand-sama to Ahrensbach. If that put Ferdinand-sama in a tight spot, then we must…」

「This engagement was ultimately ordered by the Zent. Dunkelfelger will move at the Zent's request for help, but not at Ehrenfest's request. If he was poisoned, it is possible that Ferdinand-sama is already dead. Do you have any reason to believe that he is still alive?」

Sieglinde-sama cuts off our momentum. I looked to Aub for backup. We have received a request from Ehrenfest. That means he must have some information to ensure Sieglinde-sama will give her permission.

「I don't, but Rozemyne-sama seemed to believe so.」

「It is impossible to rescue those who are in the Supply Room of another territory in the first place.」

「Rozemyne-sama plans to steal Ahrensbach's Foundation Magic in order to rescue him. That is why I must go. If there is a way to easily take the Foundation Magic even from other territories, shouldn't we cooperate with Ehrenfest and learn how to do it?」

「Yes, yes!」

With the knights cheering him on, Aub faces off with Sieglinde-sama. We cannot let the Aub be defeated here. I backed the the Aub up too, but Sieglinde-sama is one tough opponent.

「If they have such dangerous information, you should report it to the Zent and have him order them to reveal the method at the Archduke Conference, instead of accompanying Ehrenfest. There is no need for Dunkelfelger to get involved in the disputes of other territories.」

*……Uggh.*

「With the former Werkestock under joint control of us and Ahrensbach, wouldn't it be necessary to gather information about them? It's not every day we get a chance to actually go into another territory.」

「Yes, yes! It is important to gather information with our own eyes.」

「In case of a war, shouldn't Dunkelfelger be in a position to help Ahrensbach, the one we are coordinating with, rather than Ehrenfest?」

「Absolutely not. Dietlinde-sama is guilty of inviting foreign intervention, putting Ahrensbach in the position of traitors. We will not cooperate with them.」

Sieglinde-sama raises her eyebrows at the Aub's words.

「Do you have any solid evidence that Dietlinde-sama committed the crime of inviting foreign intervention?」

「Isn't the accumulation of evidence enough?」

Aub turns his attention to Hannelore-sama and the Knight Commander. We recalled the grim look on the Aub's face when Hannelore-sama had heard the librarian's words at the Archduke Conference when she had gone to the basement stacks. Besides, she constantly said "I am the next Zent," so I am sure many of us have heard her say that she wants the throne. In addition, it is clear that she is trying to accommodate Lanzenave, judging from her behavior at the funeral of the previous archduke.

「I have been asked by Aub Ehrenfest to contact the other greater duchies in case something happens in the Center. He will be asking the Zent for permission. In the case of Ehrenfest's success, Dunkelfelger needs give meaningful support. Otherwise, we would be inviting unneeded sparks of doubt onto ourselves.」

「Ahrensbach's shady behavior is true, but we can't join Ehrenfest on speculation alone. Since we do not yet know whether Zent has given his permission, it is better for Dunkelfelger to remain quiet until we receive a request from the Center for cooperation or to go into battle.」

Sieglinde-sama's opinion did not change. The Aub would normally admit defeat by now, but this time he is still looking relaxed.

「We should cooperate with Ehrenfest, no, with Rozemyne-sama personally. I, as Aub Dunkelfelger, have decided to do so.」

「Then, please tell me why.」

Aub looks around slowly.

「Because tonight, at midnight, Rozemyne-sama is coming to pick up the knights joining her. The location will be the Country Gate.」

「The Country Gate! That's……!」

Only those who have the Grutrissheit can handle the Country Gate. That means Rozemyne obtained Grutrissheit. Understanding this, a completely different buzz spreads through the conference room.

「It will not be difficult to obtain royal permission if we bring this story from Ehrenfest. She probably learned how to obtain the Foundation Magic of other territories through Grutrissheit. Above all, a candidate for the next Zent with Grutrissheit is asking for Dunkelfelger's help. Shouldn't we respond to that?」

Sieglinde-sama looked at Aub for a moment as if questioning his veracity, then let out a light breath.

「…Fine. If Rozemyne-sama is really at the Country Gate and has the permission of the royal family, we will cooperate. It is important to gather information on Ahrensbach.」

「Oh, wow, Sieglinde-sama's permission has been granted!」

「Aub, please take me with you!」

Looking around at the knights and Aub, Sieglinde-sama added additional words with a cold smile.

「However, I cannot allow the Aub to accompany her.」

「Why not!」

「If you call this a real Ditter, there is no way the Aub can leave his Foundation Magic unattended. I will allow you to send volunteer knights, but I will not allow you, Werdeclaf-sama, to go to another duchy.」

Around the Aub, who is frozen in shock, we watch the exchange between the two with bated breath. We were torn between wanting to support the Aub because he was getting pushed back, and wanting to admit that Sieglinde-sama was right.

「We must not only rescue Ferdinand-sama, but also look ahead to the uproar in the Center if the charge of foreign interference is truly the reason for going into battle. How can you head outside of the duchy when you are in charge of liaison with the other greater duchies?」

「B-But, what are we going to do if there is a request from the Center to go into battle? If Dunkelfelger must lead the knights to the center, Lestilaut can't be trusted to deal with the royal family and the greater duchies yet. Am I wrong?」

Sieglinde-sama looked at Lestilaut-sama, tilted her head as if thinking a little, and let out a sigh as if she had no choice.

「I am very anxious about it, but it can't be helped now that we can't entrust the Foundation Magic to others. We will send Lestilaut to the center.」

「……Let Lestilaut take care of the Foundation Magic, then I will be able to go.」

Aub's statement caused everyone's eyes to widen. This meant that Lestilaut-sama would be confirmed as the next archduke. His next archduke education has already started, but once he inherits Foundation Magic, this position can no longer be changed.

Perhaps the most surprised person is Lestilaut-sama himself. He has been questioned about his qualifications as the next archduke, since he could not even control his sister Hannelore-sama and was defeated in Ditter.

「Are you serious? If you tell him the location of Foundation Magic before going into battle, even if only temporarily, then Lestilaut will be confirmed as the next Aub.」

With the blunder at Ditter, plus the curriculum changes at the Royal Academy, Lestilaut-sama will probably be the generation with an inferior Schtappe. The children of the second wife have not yet been admitted to the Royal Academy. Is it right to appoint Lestilaut-sama as the next archduke at this point when his half-siblings may grow up to be more suitable as the next archduke? I am sure that everyone has the same concern in their hearts.

「Please be aware of the weight of this decision before you make it.」

Sieglinde-sama states the warning while giving the Aub a stern look.

「As long as there is a possibility that I will leave, we should take multiple precautions in case of an emergency. Fortunately, Lestilaut is an adult.」

With this single sentence from the Aub, Lestilaut-sama was chosen as the next archduke. Without paying attention to the murmur in the meeting room, Aub spoke again to Sieglinde-sama in a good mood.

「Now it is possible for me to leave Dunkelfelger. Then, I shall go to Ahrensbach and……」

「No you will not. You said it yourself. It is Ehrenfest and Rozemyne-sama that are taking the lead. Look in the mirror. With Aub Dunkelfelger in the frontlines, who can say that Daunkelfelger is not in charge? Can you show the knights of your domain that the Aub of a greater duchy will obey the command of the archduke candidate of a lesser duchy?」

「Ugh, ugh…」

As Sieglinde-sama said, it is difficult for us to follow an archduke candidate of another domain and of a lower rank, while in the presence of the Aub of our own domain. We would always prioritize our own Aub.

The knights looked at Aub with apologetic eyes. He had prepared so many arguments in order to obtain permission from Sieglinde-sama and join the real Ditter, yet he was not allowed to join. We felt so guilty.

「So, we plan to send only the knights to Ahrensbach? I shall take the lead then.」

The knight commander says so with a smile, but the Aub stopped him with a shout.

「The Knight Commander must stay with the Aub. How can you go to the other territories when I am protecting the Foundation Magic? I will allow you to accompany me when I go to the Center, but this time you must stay in the duchy.」

「Are you taking out your anger on me? Sieglinde-sama, please convince the Aub.」

Sieglinde-sama held her forehead and glared at the knights in the conference room saying, "We can't send the knights out to another territory only based on their fervor for Ditter".

「If Dunkelfelger's knights cause trouble in other territories, or if Ehrenfest ends up being wrong, or if the Zent scolds them for lack of evidence, or if Rozemyne-sama's rescue plan fails… We need an archducal family member that can take responsibility.」

The Aub only spoke of a successful future to boost morale, while the first lady gives top priority to the possibility of failure. In Dunkelfelger, this is a good balance, but the other territories may have a different relationship. If the Aub cannot go, who is the archducal family member that can take responsibility when the time comes?

「If we think simply, it would be Lestilaut-sama the next archduke, right? However, even though Lestilaut-sama was defeated at Ditter, I don't think Lestilaut-sama will be able to follow Rozemyne-sama's orders.」

Lestilaut-sama did not like what the Knight Commander said, but Sieglinde-sama did not doubt his words. She looks at Lestilaut-sama and Hannelore-sama standing side by side and thinks for a moment.

「Ehrenfest is asking for cooperation and assistance, so the person responsible must be able to serve under Rozemyne-sama's command. Rozemyne-sama may have the Grutrissheit, but she is still the eighth ranked duchy's archduke candidate. Therefore, Hannelore is the best candidate to go to Ahrensbach.」

「Hannelore-sama?」

Hannelore-sama's shoulders shook as the knights all looked at her. She looked around with frightened eyes and pointed at herself.

「Mother, me?」

「Yes. You are the same sex as Rozemyne-sama and in the same grade. Rozemyne-sama has been ahead of you in grades as the highest honors for many years, and you lost in the previous Ditter. If she really has the Grutrissheit, there will no problem with you obeying her command.」

「But Hannelore-sama is…」

The knight commander was at a loss for words. Hannelore-sama is an archduke candidate who left her own camp at Ditter and led her territory to defeat. In the eyes of the knights, she cannot be trusted to lead so many of them into real Ditter.

「Why not at least choose one of the brothers of the Aub?」

「We don't know if Ehrenfest is right or if they have permission from Zent. Therefore, we can't put an archducal family member with no defects as the person responsible in such a place. And it is just as well, isn't it? I was hoping that Hannelore would have a chance to make up for the shame of Ditter last year.」

「Mother, that's…」

Lestilaut-sama looked at Hannelore-sama with concern. Sieglinde-sama's words meant that she would cut Hannelore-sama off if anything went wrong.

*……It is difficult to wipe out the distrust of the nobles unless we go that far.*

The defeat of Hannelore-sama at Ditter created a rift between Hannelore-sama and the nobles. And the shame of Ditter can only be corrected with Ditter. Sieglinde-sama says that Hannelore-sama should make up for her actions here and now.

Hannelore-sama looked down for a while, but slowly looked up. There were red eyes with strong determination in her profile. She looked straight ahead.

「Mother, thank you for giving me this opportunity to wipe away my shame. I'll join in and bring us victory.」

「Hannelore…」

「Don't worry, Onii-sama, Rozemyne-sama will be with us too.」

With a small smile, Hannelore-sama looks around at the knights nearby. All the knights there are at the rank of chief or higher. Her brow lowers in worry and she turns to Sieglinde-sama.

「Mother, please choose a suitable chief to lead the knights to Ahrensbach and assist me.」

I almost heard the condition, "and one who can be cut off along with me in case of an emergency", though it was not said aloud.

The chiefs around us gasped. Everything intersected: their expectations for the real Ditter, worries about putting the once traitor Hannelore-sama in charge, and fears of great responsibility. Meanwhile, I stepped forward.

「Sieglinde-sama, allow me to take that role. By rescuing Ferdinand-sama now, I want to wipe off my own disgrace as well.」

「Very well. Heisshitze will act as Hannelore's support. Do we have your approval, Aub?」

The Aub looked very unhappy that Hannelore-sama was going to represent Dunkelfelger instead of himself. However, he did not make any further complaints. He changed his expression and turned to those present.

「Hannelore, Heisshitze. You two will take the lead. Follow Rozemyne-sama, rescue Ferdinand-sama, gather information on Ahrensbach, and bring us victory. Recruit 100 volunteers and prepare them for battle. Faster than Steiferise!」

「Ha!」



