---
layout: post
title:  "Honzuki P5V6 SS"
permalink: honzuki/p5v6ss
categories: HonzukiSS
chapter: 1
exclude: true
translator: Seeker (+DeepL)
editor: 
draft: true
noheader: true
comments: true
---
<h2>The Price of Overstepping</h2>

「It's been so long, but I've finally done it. This afternoon, Rozemyne-sama is allowing me to be present at the orphanage director's hidden room at long last. Come on, everyone. Let's celebrate.」

「Uh-huh. Congratulations.」

Upon returning to the high priest's room, I expressed my joy to my attendants, who tilted their heads as if they did not understand at all. They lacked any sympathy and were much too unimpressed.

「Um… Hartmut-sama, so you mean to say you were still not trusted even after replacing Ferdinand-sama as high priest… Ugh?」

「Ymir, think carefully before you open your mouth.」

Lothar covered Ymir's mouth as he smiled at him. Perhaps due to his youth, Ymir's thoughts tend to exit his mouth directly. I never scold him, since the commoners and gray priests' lines of thought are in some ways similar to Rozemyne-sama's. They have many interesting opinions.

On the other hand, Lothar always scolds Ymir, saying something along the lines of, "After Hartmut-sama leaves the temple, his successor will be a different noble high priest, who may not tolerate such things". What an earnest and kind thing for him to do. Lothar asked me several times to reprimand him as his master, but I have no intention of spending time on such things. Performing my duty as high priest is enough. Whether these gray priests are reprimanded or punished in the future is something I have no interest in. I don't care the slightest about a temple where Rozemyne-sama is not present.

「I think Ymir may be correct. Despite being high priest and having given my name, Rozemyne-sama does not trust me more than Damuel. I am trying my best to serve her, but perhaps I do not praise her enough?」

「I think you do that more than enough.」

「You were allowed to be present in the hidden room, weren't you? Don't you think this could be a good opportunity for you to gain more trust than Damuel-sama?」

I ponder a bit about what Kurt and Guido said. Rozemyne-sama's guard is tougher than I expected. Ferdinand-sama told me that there is a clear line between those who know her secret and those who don't, and I think he is right. I wonder if today is when I can be counted among those who know her secret.

「Whether or not I can cross the line drawn by Rozemyne-sama… Am I perhaps standing at a historical turning point?」

「Historic turning point?」

「Yes, you see, there have been many turning points in my life. First being when I met Rozemyne-sama. Followed by when Traugott was discharged at the Royal Academy. Then, when we were allowed to enter the temple.」

Needless to say, my encounter with Rozemyne-sama was the turning point that completely changed my view on life. The Traugott issue was also important. I was only trying to get rid of someone unloyal to Rozemyne-sama, but she spoke out against my way of handling information. She made it clear that a retainer not taking their master's will into consideration is only satisfying themselves. Also, when I was allowed to enter the temple. This was the turning point when I understood the difference between Rozemyne-sama's entourage and those of the other archducal family members.

*……Though I have no intention of telling anyone, **that event** was yet another big turning point.*

I instructed my attendants to finish their work before the afternoon meeting, as I recalled the incident. It was autumn, less than six months after I had gained access to the temple. It happened when I was overconfident in myself, having been told by everyone that I was a talented scholar apprentice.

<br/>

Following the event where Philine's brother was admitted to the orphanage, I was granted special permission to enter the temple despite being underage. This was a fortunate event for me, as I wanted to learn more about the pre-baptism Rozemyne-sama.

I actively walked around the temple, asking the gray priests and priestesses how Rozemyne-sama grew up in the temple. But everyone was wary of me, returning with only curt answers.

「Fran, I believe that you are the most familiar with Rozemyne-sama as her head attendant. How did she grow up in the temple?」

「I may be most familiar with her life in the temple, but I believe the high priest is more knowledgeable regarding the workshop, orphanage, rituals, and noble society.」

「That is not an answer to my question. I want to hear about Rozemyne-sama's childhood from those closest to her.」

「Please ask the high priest or high bishop directly. We gray priests and gray priestesses will be punished for any disrespectful behavior toward the nobility.」

The whole temple gave off the air of not wanting to interact with her noble entourage, which became very apparent. When I visited the workshop and the orphanage, everyone was silent and refused to make eye contact with me. I felt their silent appeal for me to return as soon as possible.

*……I can't let things continue at this rate.*

Nobles normally place the higher-ranked followers closest to themselves, keeping the lower ranked ones further away. However, Rozemyne-sama shows no attempt to dismiss the layknight Damuel from the role of leading guard knight. Even when we nobles received access to the temple, she still left work to the gray priests and priestesses. There is temple work available for scholars such as myself, but she does not entrust us with it. Despite us being nobles, our only job is the copying of personal books, or assisting the head priest. We have no hand in the high bishop's work nor did she call on us to assist her daily life.

*……Perhaps Rozemyne-sama needs to be educated a bit more on the nobility?*

The orphanage director's office was filled with inappropriate furniture, and the temple where she spent most of his time was packed by commoners. I thought that the temple environment needed adjustment to better suit Rozemyne-sama's position as soon as possible. However, I once scolded the merchant during a meeting, telling him to "mind his position," then Rozemyne-sama warned me that my presence would not be allowed if I interfered with her meetings. She was so angry that the color of her eyes wavered, but I still had to wonder whether or not I should admonish her as a member of her entourage.

「Cornelius, are you fine with the commoners speaking to Rozemyne-sama as equals?」

「Whether I'm fine with it or not, the Aub has given his permission. If you want the duchy's industries to be successful, you should not interfere with Rozemyne's way of doing things. Ferdinand-sama will handle things if they ever go too far.」

「But she has already entered the Royal Academy. Isn't it time for him to switch from being her guardian to a supporting role?」

Cornelius chuckled with a slight sneer.

「Be careful, Hartmut. If you underestimate her connection with the commoners too much, you might find yourself in the same position as Traugott.」

「Traugott?」

「Rozemyne said the main reason she dismissed Traugott was because he mocked Damuel's efforts during their conversation under the anti-eavesdropping magic tool. She had lost all interest in being kind to him.」

In other words, Rozemyne-sama might easily cut off archnobles if they mock not just laynobles, but even commoners. I am confident of my loyalty and skills as a member of her entourage. However, I wasn't aware that I might be discarded due to disrespecting a commoner, regardless of my abilities.

*……This is bad.*

I began visiting the orphanage and the workshop at every possible occasion. I doubt I would ever consider the commoners as coworkers, but I felt that we could become fellows in celebrating Rozemyne-sama's greatness. I constantly spoke about Rozemyne-sama's saintly efforts at the Royal Academy and the castle. Then I told them I wanted to know about her efforts at the temple, and they gradually started to tell me about her.

*……Is that all it took? How simple.*

It was almost disappointingly easy to get accepted by the gray priests, and I began receiving all sorts of information from them. The commoners were more competent than I had thought, and they had great respect for Rozemyne-sama, unlike the cynical nobles. But compared to the nobles, they were not as well versed in information warfare, and lacked caution. It was a simple matter for me to gain their trust.

*……Now that I have gained the trust of the gray priests and orphans in the temple, my information gathering is going smoothly. Have I become Rozemyne-sama's closest confidant yet?*

With that thought in mind, I continued gathering information, which I began compiling once I went home. As I reviewed the charity work Rozemyne-sama had been performing since before her baptism, as well as the new projects derived from it, I realized something.

「Why is it that they only talk about events at most a year before Rozemyne-sama's baptism?」

Nothing was ever mentioned before that time period. Even if that's when she started to save the orphans, her attendants said nothing about her earlier life. Rozemyne-sama did so much during the short season she spent at the Royal Academy, so it was hard to believe she could go so long without any major events. This was far too unnatural.

*……Maybe she was not in the temple then?*

If so, the lack of information is understandable. In that case, I have to wonder where Rozemyne-sama grew up. Cornelius said he did not even know her existence until just before her baptism. It is also clear from the incident that led to her immersion in Jureve that she was not in contact with her maternal relatives.

*……Not her father's house, her mother's house, or even the temple? Then where?*

What came to my mind suddenly was the nostalgic and friendly expression of Rozemyne-sama she sometimes showed when talking to the merchants.

*……It can't be. Downtown?*

Even I found this hypothesis to be impossible. However, it would also answer many questions. Her emphasis on interaction with the commoners, her behavior on allowing them to exchange opinions as if they were equals, her common sense and ways of thinking that do not fit in with the nobility, her blessings being so different from those of ordinary nobles…

*……No way. She does not have the mana capacity of a commoner to begin with.*

There's no way a commoner can have enough mana to become the archduke's adoptive daughter. I know about the Devouring, those among commoners who are born with mana, but the Devouring cannot survive without the child-use magic tools. Besides, starting trends such as the printing industry would not be possible if Rozemyne-sama was a commoner. Perhaps an adult merchant might accept the words of an apprentice blue priestess child, who has connections to nobles. However, I find it hard to believe they would take a commoner child seriously. They would rather steal the ideas for their own benefit.

*……That's not even considering Rozemyne-sama's etiquette, education, and grades. She is top honors at the Royal Academy.*

From a logical point of view, it is hard to believe that Rozemyne-sama is a commoner. And yet, I could not help but feel this hypothesis was correct.

*……Let us suppose she truly came from a commoner background. What happened to her previous family? Have they already been killed? Maybe they are working for her favored trading company?*

I continued my investigation at the temple, looking for any information that would confirm or refute my hypothesis. I found two commoners who had a strange relationship with the temple. Gunther the soldier, and his daughter Tuuli. It seems Rozemyne-sama once allowed them free entry to the temple in order to lead and educate the orphans. Gunther is still in contact when escorting her to the small temple in Hasse. Tuuli as well, being her hair ornament maker.

*……Could they be her commoner family?*

I managed to advance my hypothesis this far, but not any further. Perhaps Tuuli was merely someone sent by the Gilberta Company, and that's how Gunther got involved. There is no new information to corroborate my findings. Rather, Rozemyne-sama's achievements and knowledge seemed too out of scale from the rest of her assumed family. It became more and more difficult to believe that they actually raised Rozemyne-sama. Time continued passing rapidly without any evidence toward confirming Rozemyne-sama's family.

「I have no choice. I should ask Ferdinand-sama for a consultation on my Rozemyne-sama research.」

I decided to request a meeting with Ferdinand-sama at the temple. As her guardian, he should react to my hypothesis in some manner, either by denial, affirmation, or concealment. His reaction would surely bring me closer to the truth. I started to compile my research material to prepare for the meeting. Ferdinand-sama replied that it would be three days later in the afternoon.

<br/>

「Please excuse me, I have an appointment this afternoon to report to Ferdinand-sama on the progress of my Rozemyne-sama research.」

「I don't think you need to report such a thing.」

Rozemyne-sama frowns in disgust, as Fran smiles and says, "The high priest has already accepted it, and gave him an appointment." Meanwhile, Zahm calls out to me.

「Hartmut-sama, shall I escort you to the high priest's office? Or did you plan on returning home to bring your own attendant? If the high priest will be sending someone to pick you up, you may have to return home early or you will miss your appointment.」

You cannot visit others without an attendant. It is less troublesome to borrow a temple attendant than to go home and bring my own attendant. I had Zahm guide me to the high priest's room after lunch.

「I have brought Hartmut-sama.」

With the Rozemyne-sama research documents in my hands, I was certain that my study would move forward today. I stood in front of the door to the high priest's office in high spirits. Zahm rings a small bell to announce my arrival. Normally, the high priest's attendant would open the door.

But rather than the high priest's attendant, Eckhart-sama appeared from behind the opened door. It seems that Eckhart-sama is guarding the door today just like Angelica does.

「Yeah, Ferdinand-sama told me about the schedule. Enter.」

I entered the room, thinking it was unusual, when I suddenly felt a grip on my arm. What? In a split second, my legs were lifted off the ground. My vision spun around. By the time I perceived the force of the impact, Eckhart-sama was already holding me down with his weight on my back. Before I could gasp for breath, a sharp blade appeared in my field of view. A little later, I saw my research materials scattered on the floor with a rustling sound.

「…Wha-!」

「A bit too careless right after obtaining dangerous information, aren't you?」

There is a blade right in front of my eyes. Eckhart-sama holds me down with his weapon at the ready, and my throat tightens involuntarily. I break out in a cold sweat at the aura that makes me afraid to even take a breath.

「Oh dear, I'm afraid your important documents have been scattered about.」

Justus-sama picks up the scattered materials and collects them. He seems to have begun rearranging them in order while looking at the contents with interest. Ferdinand-sama exhaled in disgust as he watched me from his desk.

「Perhaps this complete lack of caution was inherited from your master, but her entourage was supposed to be the one making up for that. Zahm, you may close the door and leave.」

「Now, if you'll excuse me.」

It was there that I first remembered Zahm's presence. He sounded completely unfazed by the situation, so he must have known what was going to happen. Although I cannot see it due to being held down on the floor, his face probably has the same expression as usual. I hear the door close quietly, and his footsteps become smaller as he returns to the high bishop's room.

I felt the blood receding from my face. Even I knew how pale it had become.

*……Now that I think about it, Zahm and Fran were originally Ferdinand-sama's attendants.*

「So you were tracking my words and actions in the orphanage and workshop?」

「Oh? Fran and Zahm may be gray priests, but they are still the princess's attendants. If they sense anything that may endanger the princess, it's only natural to ask for help from those who can eliminate the threat.」

This made me realize that I had failed to recognize the gray priests as people capable of posing a threat to me, only as a source of information. Ferdinand-sama looked at me coldly, before nodding.

「Hmm, it seems you aren't stupid enough to not understand why you are in this situation.」

My guess that Rozemyne-sama was a commoner seems to have been correct. However, Eckhart-sama called this "dangerous information". My only intention was to learn an unknown side of Rozemyne-sama, but the fact that the archduke's adopted daughter was actually a commoner is information that the archducal family wants hidden.

*……Or rather, is the archducal family also being kept in the dark?*

The Aub as her adoptive father, Karstedt-sama as her biological father, and Ferdinand-sama as her guardian certainly know the truth. Maybe Florenzia-sama and Elvira-sama as well. However, Bonifatius-sama still expresses his distaste for the temple. Judging by their reactions in the children's room and Royal Academy, Wilfried-sama and Charlotte-sama are likely unaware.

*……And how will someone inadvertently revealing such a secret be dealt with?*

Eckhart-sama's words "too careless" echo in my brain over and over again. I should have recognized how dangerous my position was immediately after reaching my conclusion. As a scholar in charge of managing information, I cannot blame them for judging me to have poor risk management skills.

Ferdinand-sama looks down at me as he moves from his desk to the visitor's table. His pale golden eyes are cold, and they contain a harshness that displays his lack of hesitation to enact any kind of punishment.

「…Wouldn't it become a problem if an archnoble close to the archduke's entourage disappears?」

I squeeze out my voice, and Ferdinand-sama raises his eyebrow lightly as if my question is ridiculous. Justus-sama, who was looking at my documents, giggled in response.

「There will be some fuss, but the archduke's adopted daughter is more important than any archnoble. Leberecht-sama will calm things down for us. Have faith in your father.」

「As an archnoble yourself, shouldn't you be well aware what happens to those who overstep their boundaries?」

I imagined my father busily working to settle down the situation while muttering a complaint, "What a bother…" I have no doubt he would easily discard his own son if I did something detrimental to his master.

「What will Rozemyne-sama say if a member of her entourage disappears…? She flew out to save Charlotte-sama, even when they just met.」

「Rozemyne may have a soft spot for her younger siblings, but don't expect that to apply to you. It seems she has set clear priorities in her head.」

Eckhart-sama's voice rang out above me, causing me to lose my voice.

「Rozemyne makes it a top priority to protect the commoners connected to her. She understands that those commoners are in danger if her secret is leaked. Rozemyne will accept any punishment you might receive, no matter how unreasonable she finds it.」

Ferdinand-sama must have educated Rozemyne-sama to prioritize the commoners. That way, he can manipulate her more easily due to her vulnerabilities. In that case, it makes sense that he wants as few people as possible to know the secret behind manipulating Rozemyne-sama. This increases the possibility that Florenzia-sama and Elvira-sama are unaware. But in spite of all his caution, he has yet to kill me.

「…Ferdinand-sama, you have something you want me to do, yes?」

If he only wanted me dead, he could have done it when I entered the room and avoided having this conversation. Was he trying to extract some sort of information out of me? Ferdinand-sama smirked at my words.

「I had Justus watch your every move after hearing the report about how the tone of your questioning changed. If you had duplicated, hidden, or transferred these documents to anyone else, you would have died over a month back.」

I had no idea that I was being watched.

Cold sweat ran down my back. Despite being the target of Veronica-sama's unending hatred, these three managed to turn the tables and drive her into the Ivory Tower. I was awe-struck, having just seen a portion of their abilities.

「I believe you are suited to handle dirty work after being bound by contract magic.」

Ferdinand-sama told me to work under him, eliminating the dangers approaching Rozemyne-sama by any means necessary. I raised my eyebrows a little.

「I am willing to serve Rozemyne-sama, eliminate any threats to her, and do dirty jobs. I would even love to receive your teachings. However, I cannot accept working under you, Ferdinand-sama, for that purpose. My master is Rozemyne-sama alone.」

「I admire your spirit, but are you sure you understand your current position? If you don't want to meet the gods yet, I suggest you accept the contract with Ferdinand-sama. Don't tell me you truly think secret conversations unbound by contract magic will never leak out, do you?」

Justus-sama spoke teasingly and squinted his brown eyes. I have no idea where he learned this, but he recited exactly my words to Traugott, and I let out an involuntary groan.

「I don't mind if you refuse. Then we simply have to make an example of you, and show the nobles what happens to those that get involved in things they shouldn't. That makes it easier to drive them away from the temple. The position of an apprentice archscholar in the archducal family's entourage is very useful for that purpose.」

The coldness of his eyes never wavered once, showing not the slightest weakness. He could have killed me anytime he wanted, and was ready to do so. I had to give up. I wanted to serve Rozemyne-sama, not get killed as an example by Ferdinand-sama. I've wanted to serve her for three years, but it has been less than a year since I joined her entourage. I have not even gained Rozemyne-sama's trust, so I can't afford to die yet.

「What are the details of the contract magic? If my presence ever becomes detrimental or dangerous to Rozemyne-sama, I will choose death here and now.」

「Essentially, you will promise to never betray Rozemyne, as well as act on my behalf.」

「I will not betray Rozemyne-sama even if not bound by contract magic. I am also fine working as your pawn, since it will be a learning experience. However, I will refuse your orders if I deem them to be detrimental to Rozemyne-sama.」

I do not intend to bring any to harm Rozemyne-sama, even if I am burned by the golden flames that appear when violating contract magic. Ferdinand-sama nodded at my declaration.

「We may add that line. What's most important is that Rozemyne has an entourage member that cannot betray her.」

Ferdinand-sama agreed easily and added a sentence to the contract document.

「And you are never to speak what you know to Rozemyne before earning her trust.」

「Why is that?」

I had been hoping to gain her trust by telling her what I knew and still serving her sincerely. I raised my eyebrow when being forbidden from doing so.

「Her basic form is not a noble, but a commoner carrying many weaknesses. Rozemyne will worry about how to keep you quiet, whether or not it will impact downtown, and what to do if her secret spreads among the nobility.」

It seems Rozemyne-sama tries desperately to avoid situations where the commoners are in danger.

「If she gets overwhelmed without anyone she can talk to, she may break, go off the rails in unpredictable ways, or fall ill from overthinking things. You're going to have a serious problem. If you aren't careful about it, we end up having to kill her entire noble entourage that enters the temple.」

「Killing so many people would take an annoying amount of work and preparation to make it look like an accident or incident that isn't too suspicious. I suppose we must send Eckhart in to complete the job.」

「What a bother. Hartmut, you'd better not mess up.」

This is my first time realizing, but Ferdinand-sama and his entourage have quite the disturbing thought processes. I was horrified by the tone of voice, which proved they had experience in cleaning up such situations. It might be a good idea to take another look at past accidents and incidents.

「You may say that but… So I am allowed to speak to her after earning her trust? How can I measure my trust with Rozemyne-sama?」

I want Rozemyne-sama to know that I serve her with the knowledge of her secrets. Also, I would be glad to have some criteria to know that I have earned her trust.

「…Hmm. It should be fine once you are invited to the hidden room in the orphanage director's office.」

「The hidden room in the orphanage director's office?」

「Yes. Rozemyne's most important discussions take place there… Only Damuel is allowed among her noble entourage.」

Ferdinand-sama's words irritated me a little. I want to be valued more than Damuel. The big difference must be that he knows her secret too.

「Damuel is valued since he knows her secret. Since I do too…」

「No, that's not right. Unlike you, Damuel did not have to be captured like this and made to sign contract magic. That's how trustworthy he is.」

I widened my eyes, understanding that Damuel had won not only Rozemyne-sama's but also Ferdinand-sama's trust.

「Damuel does not poke his head out of curiosity, and is capable of shutting his eyes and ears if necessary. In addition, he does not deny the princess's interaction with commoners. He is also attentive to his surroundings, offering his hand when it is needed.」

Justus-sama states the differences between Damuel and me, remarking that I can only be trusted under the contract magic. Eckhart-sama, who is still holding me down, agrees.

「Cornelius and the others follow a layknight's orders because they trust Damuel. Besides, you are more dangerous than a layknight. This contract magic is necessary.」

And thus, I signed a contract with Ferdinand-sama containing the terms "I will not betray Rozemyne-sama", "I will obey Ferdinand-sama as long as it is not detrimental to Rozemyne-sama", and "I will not speak to Rozemyne-sama about her secrets until she allows me to enter the hidden room in the orphanage director's office". I was permitted to stand in order to sign the contract, but Eckhart-sama held a weapon at my back the entire time. This only reminded me of my lack of trust.

After the golden flames swallowed the contract, they freed me completely. I went on to discuss my research on Rozemyne-sama with Ferdinand-sama and Justus-sama, which was the subject of my visit.

「Come to think of it, there is something strange about Rozemyne-sama that cannot be explained simply by the fact that she has commoner roots…」

When I mentioned the difference I noticed compared to ordinary commoners, Justus-sama looked at Ferdinand-sama with an excited look on his face saying, "Well, well. This is indeed strange".

「Do you know the reason? Or do you have any idea why?」

Ferdinand-sama turned to look at Justus-sama and me, before dropping the research documents in his hand on the table and standing up. He walked straight to his desk.

「Since you are a scholar, you are capable of performing your own research. Oh, and don't forget to take into account the price that comes with overstepping your boundaries.」

That hit me where it hurts. Justus-sama and I exchanged glances at each other.

<br/>

About a year and a half after the contract magic, my presence was finally allowed inside the hidden room of the orphanage director's office.

「Do not hesitate to speak with me about anything, Rozemyne-sama, for I know that you are originally a commoner, that you are Gunther's daughter, and that you are acquainted with Benno from that time.」

*……Will this earn me some of her trust now?*

She has been asking me for advice more often recently, so I think I am trusted more than other namesworn members. Now that I have spoken to her about her secret, I am finally on par with Damuel. It is only a matter of time before I overtake him.

*……I hope one day I can be trusted more than Ferdinand-sama, who already left for Ahrensbach.*

I remember back to how Rozemyne-sama turns to me every time I am called the "high priest", and looking slightly disappointed. I still have a long way to go, but I've made it to the hidden room in the orphanage director's office. This is a step forward.

Though satisfied with this, I was astonished watching her exchange with the merchants.

*……Indeed, those ignorant to her commoner roots cannot be allowed into this hidden room.*

Rozemyne-sama addresses the merchants with even more familiarity than Ferdinand-sama. She refers to Benno as "Benno-san" and is even polite to his servant Mark.

*……To think there was a rank beyond Ferdinand-sama.*

There is still a long road ahead before I can become Rozemyne-sama's most trusted confidant.




