---
layout: post
title:  "Honzuki P5V5 SS"
permalink: honzuki/p5v5ss
categories: HonzukiSS
chapter: 1
exclude: true
translator: Seeker (+DeepL)
editor: 
draft: true
noheader: true
comments: true
notes: "Ferdinand POV"
---
<h2>A Problematic Archduke Conference</h2>

「Ferdinand-sama, our Starbind Ceremony will be postponed. The Foundation Magic has to yet be dyed, so I guess it can't be helped.」

Dietlinde told me as soon as I returned from the prayer ceremony in Ahrensbach, and I felt dizzy. I will be moving to the Royal Academy for the Archduke Conference in only ten days. While I was away, preparations for the move were steadily underway at Ahrensbach's castle, keeping everyone busy. She dropped a bombshell announcement at such a time. The scholars gasped and widened their eyes.

*……I don't blame them.*

The Starbind Ceremony by the king's order will be postponed because the foundation was not dyed. This is a gross injustice toward me, as the spouse of the next archduke who has already completed many of the archduke's duties.

In addition, I will not be able to attend the conference since I cannot leave the duchy due to the postponed ceremony. The premise of the Archduke Conference meeting, in which I was supposed to take full responsibility in place of Dietlinde, has been erased. All of the scholars must share my headache.

*……Unlike me, who looked at Dietlinde with cold eyes from the beginning, these scholars had faith in the next Aub of their own domain.*

However, that trust was betrayed. Dietlinde has no clue about the disadvantages of the archduke's year-long absence, nor does she show any signs of regret or remorse.

*……In the words of your grandmother Veronica, "Wouldn't it be better for the duchy if you died as soon as possible?"*

I remember back to Veronica's many outbursts toward me in the past. In summary, she said "Those who cannot fulfill their archducal family responsibilities are nothing but deadbeats unworthy of life." I never imagined I would find myself agreeing with those words later.

「I understand your desire to marry me right away, but please wait one more year.」

After finishing what she wanted to say, Dietlinde lifted her chin and turned on her heel to leave the room. I sighed. Nothing I might say would change anything. It's hard to believe that we are speaking the same language. She is even more incomprehensible than Rozemyne, who operates under the guise of another world's common sense.

「I am very sorry for this, Ferdinand-sama. To think that Dietlinde-sama would not make it in time…」

A horrified scholar came up to me. They tried to apologize for the injustice, but Justus interrupted.

「Our change of plans likely depends on the reason why Dietlinde-sama couldn't dye the foundation, doesn't it? There can only be so many reasons for being unable to dye the Foundation Magic even after spending so much time. Is it simply that her mana amount isn't enough? Is she not truly Gieselfried-sama's child, so her mana quality is too different? Or perhaps she intends to disobey the king's marriage order…?」

If the next archduke lacks mana, the duchy's dignity as a greater duchy will be scarred. Suspecting that Dietlinde isn't Aub Ahrensbach's biological daughter hurts Georgine-sama's honor. If Dietlinde did not dye the foundation intentionally, it is tantamount to disobeying a royal decree.

Justus's extreme suggestion caused the remaining scholars' pale faces to turn even paler. Unable to say anything in response, the scholars' lips tightened.

「Justus, enough. We can deal with the apology later. Our priority is the Archduke Conference right now. In the meantime, why don't we report to the Zent that the Aub's death was in spring? Then it would make sense if she could not dye the foundation, and the other duchies will not be able to pry into the issue.」

After I offered my cooperation, the scholars began stating their own suggestions. All they could think of was how to get through the Archduke Conference.

「Let us ask Georgine-sama to handle all the important conferences aside from the greetings. Since Ferdinand-sama cannot attend, this is much safer than leaving things to Dietlinde-sama.」

「…True.」

Even if I am allowed to perform various duties, I am still from Ehrenfest. There is a limit to what I can do. The postponement means I cannot attend the conference, as well as removing much of the authority I was given. Many things were overlooked since my marriage was to be in the coming spring. With a year-long delay, my freedom will slowly be chipped away.

*……Is it only me suspecting Georgine-sama's involvement in this?*


<br>

「Ferdinand-sama, we have burdened you deeply by delaying the fulfillment of the royal decree.」

Georgine-sama appears to be apologizing for her daughter's behavior, but she did not appear to be troubled at all.

「Since I cannot attend the Archduke Conference, there is no reason for me to come along. Can I leave that to you, Georgine-sama, and remain in the castle to focus on Letizia-sama's education?」

That was my excuse to search her detached villa, but my attempt was vetoed.

「Ferdinand-sama, you were involved in the creation of the discussion materials, as well as having received the handover, yes? Meanwhile, I am not familiar with the recent happenings. I would like you on standby at the Royal Academy. The scholars would be happy to have you too.」

「Georgine-sama is correct. Ferdinand-sama, you staying in the castle means we would be stealing your efforts. Please come with us…」

The scholars were desperate to show me their respect. In addition, they must not want to leave me in the castle when most of the nobles are absent, as I still belong to Ehrenfest.

「However, I have to make an effort to educate Letizia-sama, my other royal order. At the very least, I would like to leave Justus at the castle as a substitute educator and give her some assignments.」

I declared that I would keep Justus on watch, inferring that I did not want Letizia-sama to turn out like your daughter. When the scholars said, "That's very encouraging," Georgine-sama could not refuse. After blinking her eyes a few times, she said, "It can't be helped," and allowed him to stay. Justus should be able to escape a little surveillance and search the detached villa.

「But Ferdinand-sama, even if the Starbind Ceremony is postponed, we will respect you as an archducal family member of Ahrensbach. This is the will of Gieselfried-sama.」

It was a document from Gieselfried-sama allowing me to register for access to the Supply Room in Ahrensbach. The Supply Room is important to the duchy because it is a place where only the closest members of the archducal family can enter, not even allowing other nobles from the duchy.

「Registering in the Supply Room means that you are treated equal to a member of the archducal family. Perhaps Gieselfried-sama was worried about a situation like this.」

The scholars are happy that my position is guaranteed, and I make a smile and stare at Georgine-sama, saying, "That's very thoughtful of him."

*……So, you are asking me to do not only the office work of my fiance, but also supply mana, even though we are not officially married. How much more do you plan to exploit me?*

Even so, as long as the king's decree has not been revoked, the marriage will only be postponed. I cannot create more enemies by making unnecessary remarks. I must pretend to be satisfied that my position is protected. Behind her thin veil, Georgine-sama's red lips form a smile.

「Ferdinand-sama, you have been busy with the handover business, yes? In the winter we had to give priority to socializing, and in the spring you would be officially registered as a member of Ahrensbach at the Starbind Ceremony, so I didn't think such a will was necessary. However, it is now postponed as Gieselfried-sama feared. I must thank my husband for leaving this. Everyone, I hope you will consider Ferdinand-sama as an archducal family member and serve him well.」

*……You are so infuriatingly good at moving others. It's hard to believe you are Dietlinde's mother.*

I succeeded in keeping Justus in the castle, but even that seemed to be according to Georgine-sama's plans. It feels as though I am caught in a spinne's threads.


<br>

The Archduke Conference has begun. The Starbind Ceremony will be on the first day. Before the conference, Georgine-sama sent a letter to the Zent explaining how the royal decree could not be carried out, and getting agreement for the postponement. I am required to stay at the dormitory on the grounds that Ahrensbach's insider information cannot be allowed public. Their biggest worry is that I might spread the news that the next archduke was unable to dye the foundation even after six months.

「I can only hope nothing out of the ordinary happens…」

「…The high bishop is Rozemyne, after all.」

I exchange glances with Eckhart and sigh. Sure enough, things didn't go as planned. When everyone came back for lunch, all of them were incredibly excited. I asked them what happened, and apparently Rozemyne had performed an ancient ritual.

*……What is that fool doing?!*

「What is wrong with her!? How dare she give a real blessing to Prince Sigiswald and Adolphine-sama at a time when I should be in the spotlight as the next Zent candidate! Rozemyne-sama is such a show-off, trying to steal everyone's attention by performing such a ritual.」

Dietlinde is annoyed that she is not the center of attention, and her aides try hard to quiet her down.

「Dietlinde-sama, perhaps you can ask Rozemyne-sama to perform your Starbind Ceremony as well? Even if it's the second time, you will gain more attention than Rozemyne-sama due to the blessing.」

「That is a good idea. I will have Ferdinand-sama ask her to do so.」

Dietlinde turns at me expectantly, but I absolutely refuse. Rozemyne may be an earnest girl, but nothing she does goes as planned. Meanwhile, Dietlinde is unbound by common sense and throws a tantrum if things don't go her way. There's no way they can be allowed to stand in the same room. I smiled and opened my mouth.

「Unfortunately, Rozemyne took the role of high bishop due to royal decree. The Zent's order is necessary to have her present at our Starbind Ceremony.」

「Oh my… In that case, I will order Rozemyne-sama to bless me when I become Zent.」

As soon as Dietlinde's tantrum subsided, I quickly returned to my room. Who knows what she will demand from me next, and it's painful to even look at that face which is so similar to Veronica's.

「Either way, it was a beautiful ceremony. There is no wonder that Ehrenfest students obtain so many protections from the gods if they are always receiving such blessings.」

The Ahrensbach entourage members who watched the Starbind Ceremony looked at me enviously.

「No, that is not something done in Ehrenfest. I have never seen such a ceremony before. Perhaps it was requested by royalty or the Central Temple.」

「Is that so?」

The surprised members of the entourage look to Eckhart, who is standing behind me, as if to confirm. Eckhart, who is known to be Rozemyne's biological brother, nodded, saying "The night sky has never appeared during Ehrenfest's Starbind Ceremony."

「So it seems the other duchies believe this to be a common sight for Ehrenfest… Sorry, but I would like to know what the Central Temple thinks regarding the reenactment of the ancient ritual during the Archduke Conference, and get some information about the reactions of the other territories. Can you do that for me?」

「Yes, sir.」

In the afternoon, the archdukes gather for the conference with their wives. Greetings are exchanged among the royals and archdukes, reports are given on newly engaged, deceased, and baptized archducal family members. Essentially, the royals talk about all the changes during the year.

From Ahrensbach, only Georgine-sama will be present. Normally, Dietlinde and I, having just finished the Starbind Ceremony, would have been present to accept the appointment as archduke. But due to the postponement, neither Dietlinde nor I are able to attend. Frankly speaking, I doubt if Georgine-sama will report everything reliably.

*……I will have to get confirmation from Sylvester at a later date. Guess I'll get ready to exchange letters.*

<br>

The next day, Dietlinde and Georgine-sama left for the meeting in the morning. The second day has a conference attended by the archduke and wife, as well as the next in line. Of course, the scholars are present as well, so the number of participants grows quite large. This is where the duchies give a report on the past year's activities.

Dietlinde has just reached adulthood and will be the next archduke, so she must attend the meeting. All she has to do is listen to the other duchies' reports and read the materials I have prepared, so there is no room for failure. My scholars are ready to answer all the questions in the Q&A session. Georgine-sama has no way to distort the details. That alone reassured me a little.

「Ferdinand-sama, we have started to receive invitations from other territories.」

There are many things to consider: which duchies to meet with, who to send, and where to send them. The meeting with the royal family to convey Lanzenave's request must be scheduled as a top priority.

「Are there any invitations that would allow Dietlinde-sama to attend?」

Zergius and the other attendants sort through the invitations. Looking at the stack of invitations, I noticed a letter addressed to Dietlinde personally. It was not a wooden slate, but a letter wrapped in an envelope, the contents of which could not be read.

「Ferdinand-sama, that is addressed to Dietlinde-sama. We shouldn't open it without permission…」

「This letter has no sender listed. Above all, what business does someone have with Dietlinde-sama, who has yet to be officially appointed as the next archduke? We must check the contents and dispose of it if necessary.」

「But, sir…」

I stopped Zergius and checked the contents, which stated that there was information needed for the next Zent in the underground archives of the library. The attendants who were checking the information along with me asked, "What is this?" Everyone looked puzzled.

「I don't know what kind of trap this is supposed to be, but I don't want Dietlinde-sama so excited about the next Zent issue that she abandons her duties in Ahrensbach. We are discarding this immediately and never speaking of it again. Anyone who speaks will be assigned to handle Dietlinde-sama's outburst. Are we clear?」

「Yes, sir.」

The current Dietlinde was troubling to all of them. With the consent of everyone present, the letter from an unknown sender was immediately thrown in the trash.


<br>

Despite the letter being thrown away,  Dietlinde had gone to the library in the afternoon for some reason. One of my aides came to report that he had seen Dietlinde returning to her room and saying, "I feel just terrible after meeting an incredibly rude person in the library."

「But that letter is still in the trash. More importantly, what happened to her meeting?」

I was surprised to hear that the contents of the letter were leaked, but why didn't the next archduke attend the meeting they were supposed to? It gave me a headache just thinking about it.

「Let's ask for a report from Dietlinde-sama's entourage. I'll go get Strahl, the knight captain.」

Strahl was brought to me, so I asked for a report on why Dietlinde missed her meeting and went to the library.

「Just after the morning meeting, a Central scholar came delivering a letter from an unknown sender that they had picked up in the auditorium.」

Strahl reported that the letter was given to Georgine-sama's attendant by the Central scholar, but it was addressed to Dietlinde personally rather than the duchy. Thus, they handed the letter over to Dietlinde's attendants on the spot. Since the sender was unknown and suspicious, her attendants opened it to check the contents, careful not to let their master touch it. The contents of the letter were apparently the same as the one I disposed of, so her attendants attempted to hide it.

「However, Dietlinde-sama took the letter away from them, thinking that something they couldn't show her must have been a love letter addressed to her.」

「…I see how the letter reached her now. To tell the truth, there was another unmarked letter with the same contents, but at the dormitory. Someone must have really wanted to send Dietlinde-sama to the library.」

Strahl's expression changes at my words. He did not expect a copy at the dormitory too.

「Report to me why she went to the library instead of the meeting, and regarding what happened in the library.」

「At once!」

It started after lunch. Dietlinde went to change her clothes because "The morning meeting felt so cramped". No matter how many Ordonnanz were sent saying it was time to return to the auditorium, Dietlinde never responded. Thus, Georgine-sama left by herself. Dietlinde's change of clothes was apparently an excuse to separate herself from Georgine-sama, after which she insisted on heading to the library.

「Dietlinde-sama is not registered to enter the library, so I planned on letting her confirm how the door would not open before taking her back to the meeting. But due to some terrible timing, we bumped into the librarian in the corridor as she was coming back from lunch.」

Dietlinde said, "How lazy can you be to close the library just so you could leave for lunch?" to which the librarian replied, "There is another librarian here, so you just need to register to get in." After learning that registration was required to enter the library, she forced the librarian to register her.

「I tried to stop her, but she refused to listen. Tying up the incoming Aub and dragging her to the auditorium in front of all the other duchies would only embarrass us in front of everyone, so I could do nothing.」

After her presentation was over during the morning meeting, Dietlinde apparently had an appalling attitude, saying "What's the point of listening to reports from duchies lower than Ahrensbach?" This was because the afternoon only had reports from the lesser duchies. Strahl must have thought there was no way that Dietlinde would sit quietly after being forcibly pulled away from the library.

「I contacted Georgine-sama, but she told me to keep her in the library to avoid embarrassing our duchy. Also, that no one enters the library during the Archduke Conference anyway.」

That might not be a problem in previous years, but the same does not apply right now. The library currently has royalty and the archduke candidates assisting them.
I asked Strahl if there was truly no one in the library, considering the possibility that Rozemyne and Dietlinde might have met. Strahl shook his head loosely.

「Zent Trauerqual's third wife, Magdalena-sama, was there.」

Apparently, they had only bumped into Magdalena-sama there, with no other names mentioned. It's likely that the Zent entrusted her with the surveillance of the underground archives.

「Only royalty and archducal family members are allowed in the underground archives, so Magdalena-sama and Dietlinde-sama spoke alone. I could not hear their voices, thus I do not know exactly what they were talking about. After examining the materials for a short while, Dietlinde-sama came out in exasperation.」

The material over there is written in the archaic language, so I highly doubt Dietlinde can read it. If that's the only thing she was upset about, then fine, but I have a bad feeling about this.

「Strahl, I don't want to even consider the possibility, but do you think Dietlinde might have picked a fight with Magdalena-sama in her usual manner?」

「…No way, not even Dietlinde-sama would do such a thing to royalty…」

Strahl's voice only got quieter and quieter, as the color of his face changed.

「Find out immediately!」

「At once!」

After questioning Dietlinde, who was upset at being dragged out of her room, we found out she had indeed picked a fight with Magdalena-sama head-on. The members of her entourage had not heard the conversation in the underground archive, so their faces changed color too. If nothing is done, it's only a matter of time before Dietlinde is punished with them sharing the blame.


<br>

When I reported this to Georgine-sama, who had returned from the afternoon meeting, we held another meeting to discuss our future course of action. She said that it was unthinkable for the next archduke to skip a meeting with required attendance in order to visit the library, much less picking a fight with royalty.

「The final day of the meeting is the only time when Dietlinde absolutely must be present. Aside from that, perhaps she can attend conferences with the lesser duchies? We must keep her quiet in the dormitory as much as possible from now on. Ferdinand-sama, please watch over her carefully.」

A wonderful excuse to hold me down with the weight known as Dietlinde. I have to suspect Georgine-sama's involvement. The suspicious letter was passed down through her attendant, and Strahl's report said she told him to keep Dietlinde within the library.

*……Something smells incredibly fishy. I'd like to call Justus, but…*

I was the one who said he should be left at the castle. Moreover, there is not enough work I can do in the dormitory since I am not attending any meetings. There is no sufficient reason for me to call Justus over.

*……I need him to gather the current intel on the Royal Academy, but is it too difficult?*

Many would find it suspicious if me or Eckhart from Ehrenfest were to leave the dormitory right now. Justus might be looked at suspiciously too, but I have a desperate need for his talents right now.

Unlike Justus, who picks up information as he hears it, Ahrensbach's scholars tend to only pass on information convenient to the duchy. While it may not be wrong, but they cut off the parts they find unnecessary. I have to wonder how much is being lost before reaching me.

*……I feel as though my actions will be restricted more and more. I need to take measures before I am completely immobilized.*
It might be a good idea to prepare something for negotiating with the royals, to avoid getting caught up in Dietlinde's collective punishment. There's no such thing as having too many tricks up your sleeve.

When will I be able to visit the Royal Academy library? Not now, since the royal family is there. Even after the Archduke Conference ends, they will visit to read materials for a while later. I do not want to arouse their suspicions. Winter, when the students are present, seems like a better time.

*……If only I had free access to the brewing room… No, that's not good enough. Even with a brewing room, I don't have sufficient materials.*

I left most of my materials with Rozemyne since brewing and research would be impossible in my position as someone waiting for marriage. Besides, I don't have the time to brew anything carefully.

*……Maybe let Rozemyne handle it?*

As long as I send her the recipe, I think she will create whatever I need without having to explain the details. Rozemyne is most likely to prepare the quality I want. She has the materials I left behind, plenty of mana, and is familiar with brewing.

If Rozemyne is unavailable, I would have no choice but to ask Hirschur-sensei. She has less mana than Rozemyne, so it will take more time. Still, it should be faster than anything I can make from scratch.

*……But I need to offer a reward to make things work. I should send a letter to Sylvester and Rozemyne regarding this, as well as the latest intel.*

Then it occurred to me. Rozemyne claimed she would write letters constantly to confirm my safety, yet her correspondence disappeared abruptly. She must have done something troubling, and is hesitating to report it to me.

However, it is not desirable for me to be seen contacting Ehrenfest. The scholars are currently very nervous about the postponement of the Starbind Ceremony.

*……Let's see, how can I send a letter to them……?*

Sighing over the fact that I can't even send a simple letter, I wrote my letters while brainstorming a way to contact Ehrenfest.

*……The job of babysitting her was forced on me. Might as well take advantage of this.*


<br>

Georgine-sama left for her meeting, and we were to stay in the multi-purpose hall to keep an eye on Dietlinde. I was busy reviewing the topics of the meeting as well as the reports of each duchy and various invitations, but Dietlinde didn't seem to be doing anything in particular. I was told by her entourage that she was making a clear appeal to be entertained and was urged to have tea with her, so I did so.

「Dietlinde-sama, I need to talk to you about Raimund.」

「I am not in the mood to talk right now, because everyone is blaming me for speaking out against that rude person. My heart is aching!」

「Then I suppose I must hide you from the royal family whenever you are required to meet.」

「Oh my, Ferdinand-sama! It's so embarrassing to show your possessiveness like that in front of my entourage like that.」

I meant that "I cannot allow you to repeat your crimes, so I may be forced to lock you up to prevent you from meeting them again", but Dietlinde seems to have interpreted it otherwise. Of course, I am not going to bother clearing up the misunderstanding.

「Now will you hear out your humble fiance?」

「I suppose I don't have a choice. Listening is free.」

Dietlinde got into a good mood and told me to continue, so I asked her to let Raimund continue his research at the Royal Academy.

「Oh my, but it's wasteful to keep the dormitory open for just one person. Why don't you let Raimund continue his research under you at the castle, Ferdinand-sama?」

「In addition to my duties and teaching Letizia, I will also be supplying mana from now on. Though it pains me to admit it, I do not have time for Raimund's education.」

In truth, a large amount of my time and mana is going to Ahrensbach. I have very little time to do what I want personally.

「At this rate, Ahrensbach may not even get attention at next year's Archduke Conference, let alone at the Royal Academy's interduchy competition.」

「What!?」

Dietlinde had snatched up Raimund's achievements and stood on the podium as the duchy representative, so she knows how much attention it gets. This must sting since she complained about the lack of attention at the Starbind Ceremony.

「If we can leave Raimund with Hirschur-sensei throughout spring and fall, he can continue our research there. Then if the research is done by winter, we will have our very own research without any interference from Ehrenfest.」

Raimund is short on mana and will not be able to complete the project without Rozemyne's help either way, but there is no need to tell her that. I smiled. As expected, Dietlinde bit on.

「This will become Ahrensbach's exclusive research?」

「Hirschur-sensei is the Ehrenfest dorm supervisor, but she is not a teacher who takes her students' work. If Raimund finishes before winter, we can surely claim full responsibility.」

Dietlinde nodded her head in satisfaction when I told her that we needn't worry about interference from the teachers, which was her biggest concern. One more push.

「Dietlinde-sama, I believe you need a spectacular result right now, yes?」

「True. My appointment to Zent does require spectacular results, so I suppose I have no choice. I will allow this. Let us have Raimund stay at the Royal Academy to continue his research.」

I smile and thank her, without forgetting to mix in a few compliments. Now I have a channel to collect information via Raimund, and delivering things to Hirschur-sensei will no longer be suspicious.

「I will visit the laboratory from time to time to check on Raimund's research, as I do not want his research to stall. I would appreciate it if you could give me permission to do so.」

「Of course, make sure it finishes in time.」

I now have permission to use the teleportation circle while Georgine-sama is away. Great results. I send an Ordonnanz to Hirschur-sensei right in front of her entourage, to show that I have nothing to hide.

「Hirschur-sensei, this is Ferdinand. I ask you to take in Raimund until winter. In exchange, I will send you the funds, materials, and documents for your research.」

「I will decide when I see what you send.」

The nobles of Ahrensbach frowned at the Ordonnanz's return. Hirschur-sensei must have seemed very greedy to them. I turned my attention to my own entourage.

「Send a messenger to the castle, it doesn't matter who. I need the Velinur flowers that I found during the prayer ceremony, the recent research documents, and any other materials that might please Hirschur-sensei. Put it all in a locked magic tool box…」

「Recent research documents? Materials that might please Hirschur-sensei?」

Too vague for them to understand I see. My Ahrensbach entourage looks puzzled. I glanced over at Eckhart, who nodded.

「I will handle this. I already know Hirschur-sensei's preferences.」

Eckhart walked out of the multi-purpose hall with a look that said, "Since no one else is going, I'll go myself." The gift to Hirschur-sensei was made abstract deliberately. I did that to easily slip in materials to be given to Rozemyne along with her gift. I've already handed Eckhart the letters to be sent to Sylvester and Rozemyne, which he will insert in a hidden compartment of the magic tool box. Relieved that things went smoother than expected, I wrote the letter to Hirschur-sensei in front of my entourage.

「Here are the research documents of the magical tools in the library. It is possible to reduce the difficulty of making magic tools by dividing them into different types for different purposes, such as one for organizing and one for searching, but I have neither the time nor the materials to do so. Raimund will eventually be able to use the results of his research for the benefit of the duchy.」

My letter contains the cipher I used at the Royal Academy to escape Veronica's eyes. The hidden message of "Open with the might of the lion," seems to have gone unnoticed by the scholars.

*……I don't know if Hirschur-sensei will notice it, but she probably will if it is for her research documents. No problem. The only issue is if Rozemyne can write a reply that others do not find strange.*

It can't be too obvious. That's why I added the warning, "Please assume that your reply will be reviewed by others". I have already taught Rozemyne how to exchange censored letters along with Letizia. However, it is very doubtful if Rozemyne truly understands.

*……Either way, I can only hope Rozemyne completes the job with her only rewards being materials and fish…*

The situation in which I am forced to rely on others made me feel terribly uncomfortable. I put down my pen with a sigh so short that no one noticed it.



