---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 717"
permalink: Tenken/0717.html
categories: Tenken
---
<h2 id="ch717">717: Beyond Heavenly Judgment</h2>

<p>「I'm just about warmed up, let's get this party going!」</p>

<p>Sibylla's words were no lie. The amount of magic flowing through her body spiked, and red magic overflowed from her entire body.</p>

<p>The pressure we sense now was no less than that of the strongest opponents we've fought up until now.</p>

<p>As if to show that this tremendous magical power was no fluke, Sibylla's speed increased not just one stage, but several stages.</p>

<p>「Shaaaaaah!」</p>
<p>「Gu……!」</p>

<p>Sibylla may have become accustomed to Fran's movements, but Fran's hesitation also slowed down her movements slightly.</p>

<p>Fran, who should've had the advantage in speed, was beginning to be pushed back by Sibylla's onslaught. Our lack of vision for a successful attack is beginning to affect her evasion.</p>

<p>Even if she continued to evade her attacks, she will not be able to break out of this situation.</p>

<p>『Fran… let's go on the offensive.』</p>
<p>（……Okay.）</p>

<p>Sibylla stopped her movements when she saw Fran use air hop to jump away from her. She must have sensed that we were about to use our trump card.</p>

<p>「Ha-ha-ha! Your hesitation's suddenly is gone! Come on! I'll wait as long as you want!」</p>

<p>She's laughing in this situation, but I'm going to wipe that smile off your face!</p>

<p>「Phew………」</p>

<p>If Sibylla is willing to wait, let's take advantage of that.</p>

<p>Fran is more focused than ever. She circulates her magic between us, as if to unify the both of us, and sharpens it all as if to put everything she has into a single blow.</p>

<p>It's a strange sensation, as if I am an extension of Fran's body. A sense of elation that my sword self will be utilized to its maximum potential. Even before I was swung, my body trembled with delight.</p>

<p>It might similar to when Fran weilds me in her Sword God Transformation state.</p>

<p>「Hah……」</p>

<p>Sibylla only smiled like a wild beast and braced herself in front of Fran, who circulated an enormous amount of magic power while holding me overhead.</p>

<p>Sibylla was seriously going to take it without interfering.</p>

<p>Then, in a flash, Fran closed the gap.</p>

<p>「Phew………」</p>
<p>「…!」</p>

<p>Sibylla doesn't react. Whether she can't or won't, she just stared at Fran.</p>

<p>「Heavenly Judgment.」</p>

<p>Leaving all sound behind, a blade of divine speed swung down too silently, striking Sibylla's body…</p>

<p>「!」</p>
<p>『What!』</p>
<p>「That's amazing! But, it just won't be enough!」</p>

<p>Don't be ridiculous! If that's not enough, then what CAN cut Sibylla?</p>

<p>No, it's not that I couldn't cut her at all. My blade sliced about 10cm into her shoulder, making her bleed for the first time.</p>

<p>But it was a blow from Heavenly Judgment, which Fran, in her Brilliant Lightning Rush state, had fired with all her might. And that's all it did?</p>

<p>『That attack even had a slight divine attribute on it!』</p>
<p>（? Really?）</p>

<p>Fran didn't notice it herself.</p>

<p>I however, was able to sense it thanks to the divine energy manipulation skill.</p>

<p>Considering that the Sword God Transformation is somewhat beyond Heavenly Judgment, it;s not unusual for it to apply a divine attribute.</p>

<p>I think Fran has finally taken that step to the next level.</p>

<p>However, Sibylla looked calm. Moreover, the wounds that should have been inflicted by the divine attribute began to regenerate instantly.</p>

<p>This overwhelming defense and unbelievable regenerative power. That may be what most people tend to focus on, but there was something else that wasn't right. Even if we didn't cut her all the way, it was a super high-speed blow, right? There must have been a considerable impact behind it.</p>

<p>The fact that it hit her without cutting all the way means that the force must have been transferred to Sibylla. And she didn't seem to do anything to deflect the momentum, yet she didn't even get knocked back at all.</p>

<p>I've seen this before. It's just like when Fran used physical nullification last year at the martial arts tournament.</p>

<p>『So it really is physical nullification?』</p>

<p>But the divine attribute should transcend ordinary skills. Even a skill that nullifies physical attacks wouldn't be able to protect against the divine attribute. Why was the cut so shallow? No, is it because of its divine attribute that we were able to cut her, however shallow, in the first place?</p>

<p>And if it is a resistance skill, I have no idea why of all of our magic spells were blocked.</p>

<p>（Master… can you draw out the divine attribute?）</p>
<p>『……Let's try it.』</p>

<p>It seemed like the divine attribute was the key. Using divine energy manipulation, I converted my own magical power into divine energy. It's not going to be easy, but I won't give up.</p>

<p>Remember the Sword God Transformation and Heavenly Judgment. I can do it.</p>

<p>Then I feel a sudden increase in my own presence, and a sense of power overflows me.</p>

<p>『Here it comes…… I can do it… not as good as the Sword God Transformation though.』</p>
<p>（Plenty.）</p>

<p>Fran moved again, not with the Heavenly Judgment, but with the Sheaths of Wind. However, it's a blow with just as much magic power as the Heavenly Judgment.</p>

<p>Though not as powerful as the Heavenly Judgment, Sibylla's cheek was wounded. It seemed like the divine attribute couldn't be completely blocked by Sibylla.</p>

<p>Fran's continued the offensive, but not with her sword.</p>

<p>Fran landed a punch in Sibylla's torso with my string is wrapped around her fist.</p>

<p>「Goh!……」</p>
<p>『Eh?』</p>

<p>Sibylla was damaged by a punch that was far less powerful than a slash. The wind was knocked out of her lungs and she clutched her chest with a bitter expression.</p>

<p>It seemed to have been the discomfort from the damage of her internal organs rather than pain.</p>

<p>「I knew it. You're weaker to punches than swords?」</p>
<p>「Kuku…… You noticed.」</p>

<p>I see. It seems that she doesn't have a uniform defense against all attacks.</p>

<p>She appears to have an unbreakable defense against swords, but not so much against punches. The reason she took damage from Colbert could be because she was weak to blunt damage or, it could be that she was weak to force penetrating her body.</p>

<p>It's true that she is tough, but it is enough to know that she is not invincible.</p>

<p>Both slashes and blows are more or less effective if they're laced with the divine attribute.</p>

<p>『Then we'll just keep slashing and hitting with everything we've got!』</p>
<p>（Nn!）</p>
<p>『Leave it to me to maintain the divine attribute.』</p>
<p>（Please.）</p>

<p>Using the Sword God Transformation is our last resort. If we fail to beat her with the Sword God Transformation, which can't be used for an extended duration, we'll instantly be at a disadvantage.</p>

<p>「Ha-ha-ha-ha! This is where the real fight begins!」</p>
<p>「Nn!」</p>



