---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 807"
permalink: Tenken/0807.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 807
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch807">807: Ladirua Trading Company</h2>
<p>When Fran told him that she wanted to hire a hundred adventurers, the submaster denied her.</p>

<p>He said not that it would be difficult, but "impossible".</p>

<p>「Very few adventurers would want to take a request with such a high probability of death.」</p>

<p>Well, that's fair.</p>

<p>They would be fighting a horde of antidemons in Castel, a location without any defensive fortifications. Moreover, it was an abandoned village with little strategic value.</p>

<p>The risk was too high, and it would be hard to motivate people to go.</p>

<p>Few adventurers would be willing to accept our request. Even if the payment was very high, that only matters if they could survive it.</p>

<p>In fact, a high reward further proved the danger of the request, and may make them more reluctant to accept it.</p>

<p>「……Even so, I want to make the request.」</p>
<p>「Very well. But…… Please don't get your hopes up. I'm terribly sorry.」</p>
<p>「……」</p>

<p>Fran lowered her head in frustration.</p>

<p>However, this turn of events was exactly what Nadia wanted. She made sure that Fran would be stalled in Nocta by opening a request without any takers.</p>

<p>She must have known that we would never be able to attract adventurers.</p>

<p>All of this because she wanted Fran to live.</p>

<p>『Fran. There's nothing more we can do here. Let's go deliver the letter.』</p>
<p>「Nn…… I'll be back.」</p>
<p>「Give me three days. It will take that long to get the word out.」</p>
<p>「Okay.」</p>

<p>He said it was impossible, but it looks like he's still willing to give it a shot. It's a good thing they owe us a favor for the meat.</p>

<p>After asking them to post our request, we left the guild.</p>

<p>Fran looked depressed and her steps were heavy.</p>

<p>I wanted to comfort her, but no words came out. Besides, I wasn't qualified to say anything.</p>

<p>That's because I too had hoped that the adventurers would not join us.</p>

<p>We continued on our way without a word.</p>

<p>After about ten minutes of walking, our destination came into view.</p>

<p>「Ladirua Trading Company. Is this it?」</p>
<p>『Yeah, this is the place.』</p>

<p>After the short walk, Fran had calmed down a bit. She finally opened her mouth, and her face looked a little better than before.</p>

<p>As we had learned at the Adventurers Guild, this was a rather large building, apparently among the top-ranking merchant businesses in Nocta.</p>

<p>The chairman of this company was said to be one of Nadia's friends too…… Meaning Nadia's circle of friends was much wider than we imagined.</p>

<p>Come to think of it, she was a Rank B adventurer that had been on this continent for many years. It shouldn't be surprising if she knew some important people.</p>

<p>She had mentioned before that an influential person in Nocta designated her for an escort request too.</p>

<p>「Excuse me.」</p>
<p>「Welcome.」</p>
<p>「Welcome to the Ladirua Trading Company.」</p>

<p>I was surprised to see that the ladies at the reception desk were no ordinary civilians. I guess even the receptionists of a big trading company needed both beauty and strength. Maybe that was common sense on the ruined continent of Gordicia.</p>

<p>「Here's a letter for the chairman.」</p>
<p>「May I see it?」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>The receptionist glanced over the letter Fran handed her. The envelope of the letter has only Nadia's name written on it. Is this gonna work?</p>

<p>Nadia said we just had to give it to the receptionist, but……</p>

<p>Now the receptionist dashed off into the back after looking at the letter. Should I be getting worried?</p>

<p>Despite my concerns, it seemed they accepted it. The receptionist returned and invited Fran to the back with a smile.</p>

<p>「The chairman will see you now. Please come this way.」</p>
<p>「Okay.」</p>

<p>Well, I don't sense any malice. I guess the guy just wanted to hear more details about Nadia directly.</p>

<p>I don't know what the contents of the letter were. But even I, who barely knew Nadia for a day, could tell that she was not the type to give detailed explanations.</p>

<p>The room we were shown was rather modest. Not to say it was shabby, but rather that it had a calm atmosphere.</p>

<p>Illuminated by a warm lamp with a rather low intensity, there was a heavy table made of a material similar to ebony, and an austere leather sofa.</p>

<p>A man was sitting there.</p>

<p>He had dark brown skin and short, permed hair, looking like a man of African descent from Earth. I'd say he was about forty years old.</p>

<p>「Thank you for visiting me today… Fran-chan.」</p>
<p>「……?」</p>
<p>「Haha. You don't remember me? I've played with you a few times.」</p>
<p>「……Oh! You're the merchant guy?」</p>
<p>「Yes. It's been a long time, so let me reintroduce myself. I am Mulsani of the Ladirua Trading Company.」</p>

<p>Wasn't Mulsani the traveling merchant in Nadia's story? And now he is the head of a big trading company? What happened?</p>

<p>But before we could ask that, Mulsani got up from the sofa and approached Fran. He dropped to one knee and made eye contact with her.</p>

<p>「You, you really are Fran-chan……」</p>

<p>He muttered in a voice filled with emotion. Tears were in the corners of his eyes.</p>

<p>「At that time, I……」</p>

<p>Just as Nadia had said, he felt a deep regret about being unable to save Fran. Mulsani choked on his words, his strong feelings of guilt clearly visible on his face.</p>

<p>「I…… I……」</p>

<p>Fran put her hand on Mulsani's shoulder and spoke in her usual tone.</p>

<p>「It's not your fault. You couldn't help it. So you don't have to apologize.」</p>
<p>「U-Urgh………」</p>

<p>Upon hearing Fran's words, Mulsani covered his face with his hands and sobbed deeply and quietly.</p>



