---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 795"
permalink: Tenken/0795.html
categories: Tenken
chapter: 795
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch795">795: More Stalkers</h2>

<p>We were on the way to the inn that the Adventurers Guild had told us about.</p>

<p>Fran stopped.</p>

<p>『Is stalking children the new big thing in this town?』</p>
<p>（Three. They seem pretty big?）</p>
<p>『Probably dragonkin. They've got clear hostility too.』</p>
<p>（What do we do?）</p>
<p>『We can't have them following us to the inn… so I guess just catch them like we usually do.』</p>
<p>（Okay.）</p>

<p>Fran suddenly turned off the road and went into an alleyway. If they got suspicious and stopped following her, I'll just have Urushi track them instead.</p>

<p>『They're still following us.』</p>
<p>（Their footsteps are loud. Amateurs?）</p>
<p>『Well, they don't seem to have any scouting skills.』</p>

<p>Even your average thug had a skill or two to hide their presence, but these guys showed no sign of using such skills.</p>

<p>『I guess we can figure out why after we take them out.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>A few seconds later.</p>

<p>「Hey! You there, little girl!」</p>
<p>「What?」</p>
<p>「I heard you have meat!」</p>
<p>「W-We're sure of it! Hand it over to us!」</p>
<p>「……Can you pay?」</p>

<p>She asked just in case. There was always the chance that they were just terrible at negotiating.</p>

<p>「You want money? We don't have any money!」</p>
<p>「Just give us the meat! That's a lot of meat…… Too much for you adventurers!」</p>
<p>「That's right! It should be given to us dragonkin! The meat deserves as much!」</p>
<p>「Indeed! If we present it to Dragon King-sama, he will surely add us to his personal guard!」</p>
<p>「So hurry up and bring out the meat! Now, girl!」</p>

<p>They were just fools. Anyways, "Dragon King"? The country of the dragonkin is long gone, so there shouldn't be a king anymore, right?</p>

<p>「Dragon King? You mean Trismegistus?」</p>
<p>「Don't be stupid! That fool is no king!」</p>
<p>「Yeah! That's right!」</p>

<p>So it's not him. In other words there's a dragonkin who named himself king and these guys are working for him?</p>

<p>『Let's just beat them up and see what they have to say.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>These dragonkin were incredibly weak. Their stats were decent because of their racial bonus, but they barely had any skills.</p>

<p>They must be sleeping on their abilities and not training at all. These were very similar to the appraisal results I got from power leveled noble kids.</p>

<p>From the looks of things, they didn't have any guts either, so it was unlikely that they would put in any significant training effort.</p>

<p>And yet, they don't have the slightest idea that they will lose to Fran. Sucks to be them.</p>

<p>『Go easy on them.』</p>
<p>「Don't worry, I won't kill you.」</p>

<p>Fran seemed a little irritated.</p>

<p>She was having a good time at the guild party, but they just killed her mood.</p>

<p>『As long as they live, I can heal them.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<br>
<p>Three minutes later.</p>

<p>「I-I'm so sorry!」</p>
<p>「I was just trying to be cool!」</p>
<p>「F-Forgive me, please……」</p>

<p>Fran didn't even need to pull me out or properly attack them. All she did was glare and unleash her killing intent.</p>

<p>That's all that it took for the dragonkin to clutch their tails between their legs, shaking and pleading for their lives.</p>

<p>「Are you the Dragon King's subordinates?」</p>
<p>「Well, I mean, we're not really working for him………」</p>
<p>「Be specific.」</p>
<p>「Yes! We're not his subordinates at all! We only wanted to join him!」</p>
<p>「I've never even met him!」</p>

<p>When we asked them for more details, we found out that they were nothing more than a bunch of thugs.</p>

<p>In this continent of Gordicia, dragonkin were treated in a special way.</p>

<p>Knights and soldiers were told to treat the dragonkin with respect, so they often overlooked their small displays of arrogance.</p>

<p>Adventurers also tended to ignore small annoyances by the dragonkin, because it would get them in trouble if they got into a fight.</p>

<p>As a result, many of the dragonkin misconstrued that respect towards the race as a whole for their superiority as individuals.</p>

<p>「Don't the dragonkin live in the reservations next to each port and hunt antidemons there?」</p>
<p>「Well, I don't see why we should have to pay for the sins of those guys from long ago……」</p>
<p>「Oh yeah. They kept trying to make us train crazy amounts to become warriors.」</p>
<p>「What's wrong with living a fun life!」</p>

<p>I guess these dragonkin thugs got fed up with combat training and fled to Nocta, where they could just barely make a living by hunting low-ranking antidemons.</p>

<p>I can agree that descendants shouldn't have to atone for the sins of their ancestors. In a sense, they were victims, too.</p>

<p>Had they not committed a crime just now, that is.</p>

<p>「Where is the Dragon King?」</p>
<p>「I-I don't know.」</p>
<p>「W-We've only heard rumors……」</p>

<p>There's someone claiming to be the Dragon King somewhere, but these guys had nothing to do with him.</p>

<p>They just had a shortsighted idea that they could get into his good books and get cushy jobs as his subordinates.</p>

<p>And their ticket to doing so was the meat they were trying to steal from Fran.</p>

<p>How stupid can you be? Even Fran's hostility towards them was replaced with contempt. She had lost the will to kill them.</p>

<p>（Master, what should we do?）</p>
<p>『Hmmm, maybe we should just leave them to the Adventurers Guild. They might be willing to pull some strings for us now that we've given them the meat.』</p>
<p>（Okay. I'll try it.）</p>

<p>Dragon King, huh? I'm not liking the sound of that. Probably someone we should avoid as much as possible.</p>



