---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 756"
permalink: Tenken/0756.html
categories: Tenken
chapter: 756
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch756">756: Amanda's Confession</h2>

<p>「Shhh!」</p>
<p>「Mmm!」</p>
<p>「Nice move!」</p>
<p>「Hehe.」</p>

<p>Fran and Amanda were engaged in a mock battle that was supposedly a light exchange, but from the outside it looked like they were trying to kill each other.</p>

<p>「Whip Art, Lycoris!」</p>
<p>「Kuh!」</p>
<p>「Arf!」</p>

<p>The location was a hill a short distance away from Alessa. Trees grew sparsely on the wide grassland.</p>

<p>There were no rare plants or animals, and few magical beasts. Adventurers did not come here often, making it a rather secluded area.</p>

<p>It was a good place for a mock battle without worrying about other people's prying eyes.</p>

<p>「Rah!」</p>
<p>「Woof!」</p>
<p>「Kuh! Your combination attacks with Urushi are better than before……!」</p>

<p>They've already been at it for about two hours.</p>

<p>Satisfied, Fran and Amanda took a break and went to sit down on a few rocks.</p>

<p>「<em>Nom</em> <em>nom</em>!」</p>
<p>「<em>Om</em> <em>om</em>!」</p>
<p>「This is delicious! The curry was one thing, but Master is certainly full of surprises!」</p>
<p>『Hahaha, they do call me the Curry Master, but my desserts ain't half bad either.』</p>

<p>The three were eating various flavors of fruit jelly. After sweating so much, something refreshing like this is best.</p>

<p>These are made from fruits from this world, so they are all very special in their own right.</p>

<p>For example, cooking an exploding fruit is no simple task.</p>

<p>The drink is a lemonade of my own invention.</p>

<p>The main ingredient was a fruit with a citrus-like flavor. However, the color of the fruit was bright red, which made it look more like tomato juice than lemonade. I'm pretty sure the taste should be correct though.</p>

<p>「Whew………」</p>

<p>Amanda exhaled lightly as she drank the lemonade. There seemed to be a subtle hint of melancholy on her face.</p>

<p>『Is it not to your liking?』</p>
<p>「Eh? No, it's delicious. In fact, I love it.」</p>
<p>『Good to hear.』</p>
<p>「……I've always loved this taste.」</p>

<p>Amanda's gaze turned to Fran as she mumbled.</p>

<p>「?」</p>
<p>「Is it good?」</p>
<p>「Nn!」</p>
<p>「I see…… That's great.」</p>

<p>What's going on? She started acting a little strange in the middle of the mock battle. I think it happened when Fran offhandedly mentioned she was going to Gordicia……</p>

<p>Is she worried because it's such a dangerous place? No, it feels a little different than that.</p>

<p>「Hey, Fran-chan… you're going to the continent of Gordicia next, right?」</p>
<p>「Nn! I've got a request from Belioth.」</p>
<p>「Are you sure you want to go?」</p>
<p>「Nn. There's a rank S adventurer with a divine sword. Besides, I have to go to Gordicia to meet Trismegistus for the sake of Master.」</p>
<p>「For Master?」</p>
<p>『Yeah, Trismegistus is said to have an intelligence weapon. Since I'm one as well, I'd like to meet them and have a talk.』</p>

<p>I don't need to worry Amanda unnecessarily by telling her about how I might eventually go insane.</p>

<p>Actually, she wouldn't be worrying about me, but about Fran after losing me.</p>

<p>「I see…… Oh.」</p>
<p>「What's wrong Amanda?」</p>
<p>「……Fran-chan, do you remember your mom and dad?」</p>
<p>「…? Of course I remember. I can't forget.」</p>
<p>「Okay…… Hey, can you listen to my story for a bit?」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>Fran nodded seriously at Amanda's unusual words.</p>

<p>「I have been building orphanages and taking in orphans throughout Kranzel for a long time now. Some of them lost their parents in the dungeons, others I rescued from illegal slavers……」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>
<p>「Of course, there were orphans of many different races. Humans, elves, dwarves, and beastmen…… black cats included.」</p>
<p>「Black cats?」</p>
<p>「Yes…… A boy and a girl, who were very close to each other. They were naughty and reckless and always said they were going to be adventurers.」</p>

<p>Black cats adventurers, huh? That would have been quite a struggle, just like Fran's parents. They must have been trying to evolve.</p>

<p>「In the end, they ran away from the orphanage because I forbade them from becoming adventurers.」</p>

<p>That was truly reckless. But looking at Fran, I can't help but feel the story was true. She would do the same thing in their position.</p>

<p>「But one day they came back and visited me for a few days… to show me their newborn child.」</p>

<p>Amanda said that while smiling happily. She must be remembering back to that time.</p>

<p>But soon the smile faded and sadness casted a shadow on her face.</p>

<p>「I wonder if I should have stopped them at that moment. I still regret not doing so.」</p>
<p>「You mean……」</p>
<p>「It was eight years later that I heard they were killed. I immediately went to the village where they lived, tracking it down based on the letters I had received. But there was nothing left. Their bodies were already gone, and their child was nowhere to be found.」</p>

<p>Maybe this was why Amanda was always so concerned about Fran.</p>

<p>Not only does she love children in general, but she may be comparing Fran to those black cats she had lost.</p>

<p>「I can still remember their smiles and hear their voices. Those sweet children I couldn't protect… their names were――」</p>

<p>Amanda paused her story there. Then, as if she had made up her mind, she spit out the remaining words.</p>

<p>「Their names were Kinan and Framea, and the child's name was Fran.」</p>
<p>「!」</p>
<p>『Eh? Ehhh!?』</p>










