---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 714"
permalink: Tenken/0714.html
categories: Tenken
---
<h2 id="ch714">714: Warriors Climbing up the Ranks</h2>
<p>『Fran, you did a great job!』</p>
<p>（Nn. I tried to imitate Mordred.）</p>
<p>『You still have a lot to learn and experience to gain, but you truly deserve praise for pulling off a win like that.』</p>
<p>（Really?）</p>
<p>『Yeah! Beating up your opponent is not the only way to win.』</p>
<p>（Nn!）</p>

<p>The battle with Mordred seemed to have affected Fran in more ways than I had imagined.</p>

<p>After all, she pulled off a trick like that in her last match when I was expecting her to just use a power move. I didn't think she'd be using this kind of thinking right away, but if she can rely on things other than brute force, her combat repertoire would only improve.</p>

<p>This should be a big plus for Fran in the future.</p>

<p>This style will still need a bit of honing, but one day she'll be able to use it well. I'm looking forward to when that happens.</p>

<p>『Well, we'll have to see who our next opponent will be.』</p>
<p>（Nn.）</p>

<p>The winner of the next match will face Fran in the quarterfinals.</p>

<p>Five minutes later.</p>

<p>「Sibylla.」</p>
<p>『I knew it.』</p>

<p>Her opponent was a huge mace user who looked up to Elsa. The destructive power of that mace must have been quite impressive, but Sibylla did't back down a single step from such a powerful opponent. They went at it head-on and she pulled off a win in less than a minute.</p>

<p>I would have never expected her to stand her ground after taking a direct hit from that giant mace. I doubt any half-assed attack would put a dent in her so this time, we'll have to get serious.</p>

<p>「……Strong.」</p>
<p>『Yeah!』</p>

<p>The matches went on, and the winners of Block B were Eiworth's disciple, Abarb, as well as Diaz. Both defeated their opponents with ease. I remember Diaz and Eiworth being former party members, so it won't exactly be a master-student fight, but it should still be one to watch.</p>

<p>Next up is the battle between Hilt and Ladur.</p>

<p>『Another match up between wildly different competitors.』</p>

<p>Ladur, who used a variety of magic to mess with his opponent, and Hilt, a brawler that fights with brute strength.</p>

<p>What kind of battle will this be?</p>

<p>In terms of pure strength, magical power, and speed, it seems obvious that Hilt will come out on top.</p>

<p>However, this isn't the only factor that determines the winner. Differences in experience and strategy are quite significant in martial arts competitions.</p>

<p>『Will Master Ladur, the weilder of the three attributes of superior magic, once again use his various magical spells to trick his opponents and seal their movements? Or will the rank A adventurer, Hiltoria of the 'Piercing Fist', crush the old sorcerer with her overwhelming power? Don't ask me because I have no idea!』</p>

<p>Ladur and Hilt moved as soon as the match started.</p>

<p>「Aaah!」</p>
<p>「Hmph!」</p>

<p>Hilt rushed forward, and Ladur flew back. Are their speeds about the same?</p>

<p>Ladur must have used some kind of speed-boosting spell before the match. Maybe wind foot from wind magic.</p>

<p>「Oh.」</p>
<p>『Old man Ladur is pretty good.』</p>

<p>Ladur was gliding around the playing field like a figure skater. He must have been using wind foot, but it should be very difficult to control it like that. We've only ever used it to help us move in a straight line.</p>

<p>While performing such extremely difficult levels of magic control, I could see that he was channeling his magical power for the next spell. It was nothing short of amazing.</p>

<p>Ladur might be the best contestant when it comes to the delicate control of magic.</p>

<p>Hilt followed closely behind him. With her sharp moves, she quickly closed the distance.</p>

<p>「Earth Control!」</p>
<p>「What are you――?」</p>

<p>A huge amount of magical power emanated from Ladur. Right when Hilt sensed it, she becomes alert, sending her body flying in the air.</p>

<p>Her foot had been caught on a slight ridge that Ladur created with his land magic. She twisted her body in the air and managed to land on the ground, but her body was off-balance.</p>

<p>「That was...!」</p>
<p>『He didn't hide his magic power, but covered his surroundings with it to obscure the small changes. I see!』</p>
<p>「Amazing!」</p>

<p>The technique Ladur used was Earth Control.</p>

<p>A person of Hilt's level would have been able to see through the flow of magic. If he casted it normally that is.</p>

<p>Ladur had set up Earth Control over the entire stage to create a difference of only a few centimeters. It was as if he was declaring that he was going to perform a grand move to attack the entire stage.</p>

<p>In reality, however, he had made a tiny change. This is a really nasty move that can surprise the opponent and cover up small changes in mana flow.</p>

<p>The disadvantage is that it consumes a lot of magic power.</p>

<p>Even so, Ladur seemed to have decided that it is worth it if he can hinder Hilt's movement even by just a little bit.</p>

<p>「Here you go!」</p>
<p>「Peh!」</p>

<p>Using his ongoing earth control, he transformed the ground under Hilt's feet into a pool of mud. The mud splashed on her face causing her to frown.</p>

<p>No matter how high her stats were, if she suddenly loses her footing, she's bound to lose her balance. And then, Ladur went all in on the offensive.</p>

<p>「I will not make the same mistake I made last year! I must end the fight quickly when fighting one such as you! Ooourgh! High Wave!」</p>
<p>「I can never let my guard down around you seniors!」</p>

<p>Ladur is known for his mastery of basic magic, but it does not mean that he cannot use powerful spells. Usually, he doesn't need them because of how much mana it drains.</p>

<p>However, when the match is on the line, he naturally must use his secret weapon.</p>

<p>Ladur unleashed an ocean magic spell that created huge waves. If used on the sea, this technique could even capsize a ship.</p>

<p>Used in this narrow arena, it could push the opponent out of the arena.</p>

<p>A tall wall of waves rushed into Hilt as it rose.</p>

<p>Many spectators were convinced that Hilt would be swallowed by the wave and just lose outright. However, in the next moment, their predictions would be completely blown away.</p>

<p>「Ruaaaaahhh!」</p>
<p>「Gohgg!」</p>

<p>Hilt released a magic bullet, which smashed straight through the wave and blew Ladur away.</p>

<p>『Such power released without any time lag. Her magic release is several times stronger than Colbert's. That alone is enough to make her a threat.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>The collision with the wave should've made the bullet a bit weaker, but Ladur was knocked unconscious by the blow. I guess he can't physically beat the passing of age, after all.</p>

<p>『T-This is…! Just when it looked like Ladur was going to win! Hiltoria's mysterious attack blew him away! As expected from the heir to the 'Immovable!' Her strength is unbelievable!』</p>

<p>At first glance, it seemed like Ladur put up a good fight, but Hilt wasn't taking the match seriously at all. Her goal was not to enjoy the match like Fran and the others, but to hide her own cards as much as possible.</p>

<p>Of course, she was hiding them from Fran.</p>

<p>Hilt, the victor of the match, looked straight at us. Like I thought, she's constantly wary of Fran's presence.</p>








