---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 858"
permalink: Tenken/0858.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 858
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>858: Wangon and Gephe's Power</h2>

 Wangon originally had a face similar to that of a dog, but he's now Awakened into a red wolf. His arms and body got covered in fur, giving him an extremely animal-like appearance.

 The now werewolf-like Wangon took a deep breath without moving.

 Even after five, ten seconds, he continued inhaling. His chest was heaving to the point that I feared it might burst.

 Immediately after that, Wangon emitted a tremendous roar from his mouth.

「Wolven Howl! Wooooooooooorgh!」

 The roar emitted so much sound that his fellow beastmen, the dragonkin, and even the far away Fran had to cover their ears.

 And the sonic blast was just the byproduct. The real attack was the shockwave he emitted from his mouth.

 Well, it probably wouldn't be that powerful, so there's no way he could break through our――

（The shield's gone.）

『Seriously?!』

 Our barriers failed to repel the shockwave, which instead obliterated half of the layers at once.

 It seems that the shockwave was just a bonus too, and the mana infused into it was the real trouble. He could apparently interfere with spells by hitting them with that mana-infused blast.

 At about the same time, the rest of our barrier got evaporated too.

「Evil Impact!」

 It was Gephe. He cloaked his spear in evil energy and pierced through the wall. Our spell lost stability and just disappeared into the air.

 I immediately recognized what just happened. This was the same evil energy-based technique that Sierra and Zelos Reed had used to counteract magic and skills.

 It seems that Gephe could use a technique with a similar effect, though on a smaller scale.

 Wangon and Gephe readied their weapons again, maintaining the momentum they had from breaking down the barrier.

「Oruaaaah!」

「Doraaaaah!」

 It seems unlikely that another wind barrier would be enough to keep them quiet. Fran must have thought so too, because she jumped off the rooftop before I could stop her.

 She flew through the air at max speed and landed right in between the two.

「That's far enough.」

「What? A kid?」

「The helper for those beasts?」

 After Fran easily deflected both of their attacks with her blade, both of them paused in surprise.

『Oh boy, this isn't gonna be pretty!』

（I had to do it to stop them.）

『True, but still.』

 Both Wangon and Gephe were looking at us suspiciously. At least we've managed to pause the battle between beastmen and dragonkin before anyone died, but……

「Tch.」

「Damn.」

 Wangon and Gephe jumped backwards at about the same time.

「You, kid. Who the hell are you? And what the fuck do you think you're doing?」

「What? She's obviously that one helper on your side!」

「You mean Miss? She ain't that small!」

「Then who the hell is she!?」

 Wangon was still in his red wolf form, while Gephe's scales and other dragonic features had been enhanced due to his Evil Dragon Form. The two continued their argument with Fran in the middle.

 If you ask me, I'd say they seem to get along pretty well.

 However, Wangon ended up being the first to realize Fran's true identity.

「You――no, wait. A super strong black cat brat……? Could you be the Black Lightning Princess?」

「……No.」

「Huh? What are you saying? You have to be the Black Lightning Princess, right?」

「……I remain silent.」

 Fran shook her head as she covered her mouth. Don't tell me she actually thinks she can do whatever she wants as long as she doesn't identify herself?

「Wasn't the Black Lightning Princess that one adventurer we've been hearing about lately? This is really her?」

「Yeah, I'm sure of it!」

 I knew these guys were in perfect sync!

 Her identity had already been practically exposed, but Fran continued to shake her head stubbornly.

「No.」

「Stop lying! You're a beastman too, so join our side! Let's beat the shit out of these lizards!」

 Wangon's words gave Gephe a brief expression of panic. Since he was quite strong himself, he must have understood Fran's strength and realized that it would be dangerous to have her as an enemy.

「Ah! You son of a bitch! H-Hey! You're not a member of the Beastmen Union yet, right? Just get out of here for now! I'll give you some coin!」

 It's probably due to his pride as a dragonkin that asked for "no interference" rather than joining him.

「I'm not taking sides.」

「Huh? You mean you're not on our side or the lizard's side? Then what are you even doing here?」

 Wangon narrowed his eyes and glared at Fran.

 Gephe did the same. Apparently, they thought that Fran was intervening on behalf of the Adventurers Guild.

 Shit. Isn't that pretty bad?

『F-Fran, I think we should get going now. Okay?』

（Don't worry! Just watch me, Master.）

 Fran gave me those words of confidence before returning to speaking with the two.

「First of all, no fighting!」

「N-No fighting?」

「This ain't no fight, it's a war!」

「You're making trouble for everyone! So no fighting!」

 Somehow, I felt a slight wave of calmness around everyone here.

 They were in a battle to the death with their pride on the lines, when a little child like Fran called them out on it. Afterwards, they seemed to have been able to take a step back and view themselves objectively.

「What's even the reason for this fight?」

「I said this ain't no fight! The lizards are the one who suddenly stormed into our territory!」

「Because you attacked us first!」

「No we didn't!」

「Don't you play dumb with me!」

 Just when things were starting to calm down, they started to heat up again. At that moment, Fran suddenly turned her head to the side.

（Master, over there.）

『Is something there?』

 I looked in the same direction that Fran's eyes were facing, but I couldn't find anything. However, Fran clearly sensed something strange.

 How many times has this happened since we came to this city?

（Killing intent.）

『Huh? Killing intent?』

 That's――

「Master!」

『I know!』

 I still couldn't find the presence she sensed, but I'm not blind enough to miss an arrow flying through the sky. Yeah, there's definitely an arrow coming out of nowhere.

 I caught the arrow with my telekinesis and pulled it in. It was hollow inside, the same arrow as before.

『The same guy as the other day!』

（Nn!）



