---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 713"
permalink: Tenken/0713.html
categories: Tenken
---
<h2 id="ch713">713: Biscot Match Concludes</h2>

<p>Fran moves up a gear and attacks Biscot with the intention of finishing the match. Although she hasn't used Brilliant Lightning Rush yet, she has achieved a tremendous amount speed by using Awakening, Body Manipulation, and various other spells.</p>

<p>She was able to move this fast without using any of our self-harming trump cards.</p>

<p>However, Biscot was beginning to react to Fran's attacks, even though she was much faster than before.</p>

<p>「Guard shift!」</p>
<p>「Ghm!」</p>
 
<p>He only used his shield to block the attacks that were aimed for his vitals, and just tanked the feint attacks with his body. Biscot also withstood the lightning magic that Fran unleashed after disengaging. He doesn't seem to be paralyzed at all.</p>

<p>「Take this!」</p>
<p>「Too slow!」</p>
<p>「No, you're just too fast! I'll hit you on the next one!」</p>
<p>「You can't!」</p>
<p>「Don't know until I try! Come on, bring it!」</p>

<p>The frequency and quantity of damage dealt by Fran increased greatly, but Biscot's vigor is the same as it was when we started.</p>

<p>He threw sharp counters with a speed that did not match his huge body.</p>

<p>Sibylla and Biscot are way too tough. They also have the same great fighting instincts. Are all Raydossian warriors like them?</p>

<p>His style is totally different, but probably similar to Mordred and Colbert when it comes to overall strength. In some areas, he'd even be more troublesome than Mordred and Colbert.</p>

<p>Nevertheless, Fran still had the advantage. After all, Biscot's attacks have not yet hit Fran.</p>

<p>He had a resilience that was almost inhuman alongside having high level shield skills and he can inspire himself and his comrades with his strong personality. Those traits probably make him perfect as a tank against magical beasts.</p>

<p>Compared to his impregnable defensive prowess, his offense was a few notches below. No, I'd have to say that he's still quite powerful and skilled.</p>

<p>If he was up against a magical beast, there'd be no problem. He'd be able to catch any attack attack with his perfect defense and deal damage with counterattacks. Powerful mace blows delivered with his high strength will inflict damage no matter what the opponent is.</p>

<p>Biscot's strong counters are a threat even against human opponents. Not even Fran can avoid them unless she puts her mind to it.</p>

<p>But comparisons stop there in the end.</p>

<p>There are magical beasts that move faster than Fran, but there is no such thing as a magic beast that can match Fran in speed, skill, and strategy.</p>

<p>I'm sure Biscot has never fought one either. No matter how perfectly he timed his counters, he would not be able to hit Fran.</p>

<p>「Tch! There!」</p>
<p>「Nope.」</p>
<p>「You're mine!」</p>
<p>「Kuh!」</p>

<p>He gets so close to hitting her, barely missing. But as time passed on, Fran was forced to parry more and more swings with me. Her evasions were not fast enough.</p>

<p>Biscot must've thought it was the time to go on the offensive.</p>

<p>「Spiral Bash!」</p>

<p>He unleashed an attack with his shield, which he had been hiding up until now. Normally, it would be difficult to respond to this. An extremely fast and completely unknown attack. That was his strategy.</p>

<p>Biscot's full power attack landed a direct hit… or not.</p>

<p>「What?!」</p>
<p>「I've seen that before.」</p>

<p>Fran had been on the lookout for shield attacks from the very beginning. Her history in fighting dullahans and other fiends that used shield attacks had given her this experience.</p>

<p>In addition, she had fought against Zephyld of the Heavenly Wall, an A ranked adventurer who used a shield at the royal capital.</p>

<p>Ironically, Biscot's shield art was exactly the same as Zephyld's. For a technique that Fran has seen before, it be even easier for her to avoid it.</p>

<p>「You got me good!」</p>
<p>「Hehe.」</p>

<p>Biscot finally realized that he had fallen into Fran's trap.</p>

<p>Fran was parrying his attacks on purpose to provoke Biscot into using a big move, making him think that she was being pushed into a corner.</p>

<p>Frankly speaking, I doubted if it would work. If it had been Mordred or Colbert, they would have seen through her trick.</p>

<p>But Biscot could not. For better or worse, Biscot's specialized in anti-magic beasts which gave him a disadvantage in this case.</p>

<p>「You're open.」</p>
<p>「Bring it!」</p>

<p>Biscot's shield blow attack, Spiral Bash, was completely avoided, and he lost his balance. That said, he's still pretty calm. Must be a sign of his confidence in his defense.</p>

<p>Fran would use her strongest technique, and Biscot would endure it and then deliver a counter attack. That's the scenario he had in mind. I too thought that she would use Brilliant Lightning Rush followed by Heavenly Judgment or Sheaths of Wind. But I was wrong.</p>

<p>Fran smirked at Biscot. She made a choice. And it wasn't full power attack Biscot had been expecting.</p>

<p>「Haaaah! …Just kidding.」</p>
<p>「Whoa, huh? Oh, my feet are……!」</p>

<p>Fran's land magic transformed the entire stage into a huge downward slope from Fran to Biscot. She threw in some ice magic on top to freeze the ground under him as well.</p>

<p>The sudden change was terrible for Biscot, who had been bracing himself for an attack.</p>

<p>Then Fran ran straight towards him. She accelerated rapidly with the release of magical power and delivered an overhead strike.</p>

<p>Biscot managed to catch Fran's attack with his shield, but Fran played him like a fiddle.</p>

<p>「Damn it all!」</p>
<p>「Bye bye.」</p>

<p>Pushed by Fran, he slid all the way down the icy slope. A series of wind magic blasts were thrown in as insurance, and there was nothing more he could do.</p>

<p>『I-It's decided! What a abrupt end! I would have never imagined such a finish coming from her! The Black Lightning Princess Fran has come out victories in a battle of wits!』</p>

<p>Even I didn't think Fran would do something like this, and Biscot even less so.</p>

<p>『Fran, I'm amazed you came up with that idea.』</p>
<p>（I've been wanting to try something like this too.）</p>

<p>Apparently, she wanted to imitate Mordred and tried out a method of fighting that made use of tricky techniques. Well, it's always good to have a choice other than brute force.</p>

<p>As a result, Fran's victory was nearly flawless. She barely used any of her cards, and didn't exhaust herself out at all. Biscot was just simply outmatched.</p>






