---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 750"
permalink: Tenken/0750.html
categories: Tenken
chapter: 750
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch750">750: The Unbound</h2>

<p>「It's as you heard. Sorry, but can you let us off the hook here?」</p>

<p>The words of apology certainly came out of his mouth, but there was not the slightest hint that he actually felt sorry. Rather, the way he sharply glared at them looked more like it was a threat.</p>

<p>『Oi oi…… Things have taken a weird turn…… What do we do?』</p>
<p>（They can't stop Dimitris, Sibylla and Neidhart at the same time.）</p>
<p>『I know, right.』</p>

<p>No matter what anyone does, there's just no way to stop them. Since trying to fight them would just do more harm than good, it's best to let them go.</p>

<p>Besides, Dimitris is not the kind of man who would keep quiet about his granddaughter being targeted. Sending him off to Raydoss and letting him run wild seems like it would benefit Kranzel too……</p>

<p>「Diaz. What say you?」</p>
<p>「Sigh…… I'm sure Raydoss will have a rough time with you there. If anything, I would have to pity them. Besides, I can't ask these adventurers to die for nothing, can I?」</p>
<p>「I would never kill them.」</p>
<p>「Getting beaten to near death is plenty a loss.」</p>

<p>Diaz seemed to share my opinion. He may be the one who understands the terror of Dimitris the most.</p>

<p>He knew Dimitris was one man that we cannot afford to make an enemy of. Upon hearing Diaz's words, the other adventurers also breathed a sigh of relief.</p>

<p>They must have been glad that they were not asked to fight against a rank S.</p>

<p>But there were others who did not feel the same way.</p>

<p>「D-Don't be foolish! I can't accept such a thing!」</p>

<p>This was the noble who had been knocked away by Dimitris earlier. He came running down to the stage, looking furious.</p>

<p>Helping a spy of a hostile nation is a crime, legally speaking. From that point of view, what he said made sense.</p>

<p>「Hey Dimitris! If you continue to side with them, what do you think will happen to your grandchildren and your disciples! You will come to regret this decision!」</p>

<p>The nobleman exclaimed, looking to the side at Hilt and Nilfe. Now that Dimitris' adoration of his granddaughter Nilfe was in the light, this was proven to be an effective threat.</p>

<p>Then Dimitris replied without smiling.</p>

<p>「I see, so the Kingdom of Kranzel wants me, Dimitris, as their enemy?」</p>
<p>「……!」</p>

<p>The noble had felt Dimitris' killing intent and backed away with a pale face. Seems like he finally remembered the horror of the old man in front of him.</p>

<p>Before him was one of the few individuals in this world you should never antagonize. He was a monster that can overthrow a nation single-handedly. If Dimitris recognized him as an enemy, it would be a national problem, not a personal one.</p>

<p>「Ahh…… Ahh……」</p>

<p>The nobleman fell down on his knees gasping for breath. With that, Dimitris lost interest in him.</p>

<p>Dimitris... the man who can force a country's leaders to bow to him with pure force. So this is what they meant by 'unbound'……</p>

<p>「Dimitris is so cool!」</p>
<p>『Wha-, Fran, you better not try imitating him!』</p>

<p>After seeing this transcendent man who can rival a nation with his personal strength, it looks like she came to admire him.</p>

<p>Dimitris lightly moved his right arm while the nobleman trembled with a pale face.</p>

<p>「Hmph.」</p>
<p>「Kya!」</p>

<p>After making a motion as if grasping an empty space, he pulled back. Then, Nilfe's body flew through the air and fell cleanly into Dimitris' arms.</p>

<p>「Nilfe, you should come with me. Okay?」</p>
<p>「O-Okay.」</p>

<p>She's aware that going with Dimitris means going to Raydoss, right? But still Nilfe accepted it easily.</p>

<p>She showed no hesitation. In fact, she seemed relieved not to be left behind. I guess she really loves her grandpa.</p>

<p>「Come on now, gramps……」</p>
<p>「Don't worry. There is no safer place in the world than in my arms. Right, Nilfe?」</p>
<p>「Yeah!」</p>

<p>Unlike Nilfe, his other granddaughter was not smiling.</p>

<p>「Grandfather! Are you out of your mind?」</p>
<p>「That's a terrible thing to say. Can you not see how serious I am? It's not every day you get a chance to cross over to Raydoss.」</p>
<p>「But……! What about your students!?」</p>
<p>「I hereby step down as head of the school! You will succeed me as the new master!」</p>

<p>Dimitris pulled something out of his pocket and threw it to Hilt. Some kind of metal plate?</p>

<p>「Do what you want with it. As I said before, it's up to you. I will not interfere from now on.」</p>
<p>「T-That's……」</p>

<p>Hilt's eyes turned to Colbert for a brief moment. Her gaze immediately returned to Dimitris, but Hilt said nothing more.</p>

<p>She simply sighed and slumped her shoulders.</p>

<p>「……Sigh. I guess it can't be helped.」</p>
<p>「Your face is smiling, is it not?」</p>
<p>「I-I'm not smiling!」</p>
<p>「The country will certainly give you a bother, but respond as you please. Whether you want to negotiate or resist, it's all up to you.」</p>

<p>That made it sound like someone else's problem, even though he was the one causing all the trouble. I can now see the rumors I had heard about him before we met were no mistake.</p>

<p>Rather than Dimitris, it was Sibylla who expressed her concern for Hilt and the others.</p>

<p>「Gramps, you sure that's what you want? You're abandoning your position, and what if your students are taken hostage……?」</p>
<p>「I don't care.」</p>
<p>「What? Of course you care?」</p>
<p>「Unlike Nilfe, they're trained warriors that can fend for themselves. If they fail, then so be it.」</p>

<p>Spartans! No, I guess that's a common way of thinking in this world. Fran also thinks like this.</p>

<p>If you ask me, this guy is the physical embodiment of the theory that high-ranking adventurers are all weirdos. He's an unbound old man whose behavior is unpredictable, yet still Fran looks up at him with admiration.</p>

<p>In a sense, he is Fran's ideal, the way he overpowers everything with his pure strength and forces his will through.</p>

<p>「Well then Sibylla, let's be on our way. It would be faster to leave from the top, but can you follow?」</p>
<p>「No problem.」</p>

<p>Dimitris jumped and flew into the air. He seemed to be releasing ki to achieve something close to our air hop.</p>

<p>Also, Sibylla and her two subordinates slowly floated upwards too. That must be Sibylla's telekinesis.</p>

<p>「I'll be off now to go see Raydoss. I will not be giving them any assistance either, so don't worry.」</p>

<p>That's not reassuring at all! Well, at least we were lucky enough that Sibylla, Dimitris, and Neidhart didn't end up fighting and causing a ton of causalities.</p>

<p>The adventurers and soldiers were not budging. They knew that it would be a disaster if any attempts to stop them caused a fight.</p>

<p>While I was thinking about that, Fran stepped forward and shouted at Dimitris.</p>

<p>「Dimitris! I won!」</p>
<p>「Hmm, you're………」</p>
<p>「You promised me a bet! What are you going to do!」</p>








