---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 812"
permalink: Tenken/0812.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 812
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch812">812: On the March</h2>

<p>It was the night after our departure from Nocta.</p>

<p>The unit had stopped to camp. Fran would have liked to keep on marching through the night, but she knew that would be too difficult.</p>

<p>Either way, they wouldn't be able to fight if completely exhausted.</p>

<p>It also helped that we were so ahead on schedule.</p>

<p>Though we planned to take almost four days to get to Castel, we will actually be able to arrive the morning after tomorrow.</p>

<p>This put Fran in a very good mood. She even served curry to everyone.</p>

<p>Unlike lunch, when they had to shove down a sandwich while moving, everyone was now able to get a proper meal while preparing the camp.</p>

<p>「This is a strange smelling food.」</p>
<p>「It's delicious!」</p>
<p>「Yum! Yum!」</p>

<p>Since curry had just started getting popular in the Kingdom of Kranzel, it probably hasn't reached this continent yet. Everyone was surprised, but still smacking their lips.</p>

<p>I was worried the curry might not be suitable for the dragonkin's palates, but there was no issue there. Actually, the dragonkin seemed to even enjoy curry the most since they were scarfing down so much of it.</p>

<p>All of them were over 190 cm tall, so I can see why the entire race consisted of gluttons.</p>

<p>The sleeping quarters of the adventurers were also rather luxurious, since we had bought a crapton of mattresses at Nocta and kept them in our storage. After building some small huts with land magic, we completed several of these simple lodging rooms.</p>

<p>Sophie was a big help here too. She had songs designed to help us sleep well and regain our strength.</p>

<p>Thanks to her, everyone felt completely refreshed despite only sleeping for 2-3 hours.</p>

<p>Unusual food and fluffy beds. Everything kept clean by magic and great background music. A few of the adventurers even said it was better than the town's inns.</p>

<br>
<p>Midnight.</p>

<p>After fending off a few antidemon attacks, there was a brief moment of peace and quiet.</p>

<p>Tzaluta, who had been sitting around the campfire with Fran, spoke up quietly.</p>

<p>「Fran-dono, you know the location of one of the other Three Gordician Families, right?」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>
<p>「Was it Wisteria? Magnolia?」</p>
<p>「……Magnolia.」</p>

<p>Well, we should be fine just telling her the name. Giving away their location without permission would be off-limits though.</p>

<p>Hearing Fran's answer, Tzaluta looked a little thoughtful.</p>

<p>「What's wrong?」</p>
<p>「Of the three families, Wisteria's abilities are said to be the most dangerous. I've heard they have the power to make fiends go completely berserk.」</p>
<p>「That sounds pretty dangerous.」</p>
<p>「If I knew exactly where they were, I would feel a little safer though……」</p>

<p>I guess it was because she had the blessing of the Evil God that she understood how dangerous it would be when the power runs amok.</p>

<p>「How are the Magnolias currently? Are they living happily?」</p>
<p>「……I can't say if they are happy or not. But they are in good hands.」</p>
<p>「I'm glad to hear that.」</p>

<p>Tzaluta smiled in relief. Rather than wishing for the happiness of the other two families, she seemed more relieved to hear that dangerous power was under watch, I guess?</p>

<p>Wisteria, huh………? We'll have to keep an eye out for them. If we ever hear anything, we can let Tzaluta know.</p>

<br>
<p>The dawn on the third day after our departure.</p>

<p>The march of Fran's small army finally reached Castel.</p>

<p>Castel had previously been desolate, for better or for worse, but it had now turned into a absolute hellscape.</p>

<p>「……There's so many!」</p>
<p>『That's one hell of a number…… Way more than 10,000.』</p>

<p>Maybe 100,000 or so? It felt like every single antidemon in the region had gathered here.</p>

<p>But there was some good news.</p>

<p>Castel was still safe. The battle currently took place on the plains in front of it. However, there were so many antidemons that it no longer looked like a grassland. The antidemons blocked every last piece of grass and dirt from our view.</p>

<p>『Nadia is still fighting!』</p>
<p>「Nn!」</p>

<p>I could feel a tremendous amount of mana swirling around right in front of the entrance to Castel, Nadia's mana.</p>

<p>However, that fact also confirmed that the event we had feared was steadily approaching.</p>

<p>「What is this presence? A battle between two antidemons?」</p>

<p>Chelsea's mutterings were understandable. If you didn't know Nadia like we do, you could easily mistake her for an antidemon. The erosion had progressed even further.</p>

<p>「No. That's Auntie.」</p>
<p>「But…… No, wait. Could she be the wielder of that sword?」</p>
<p>「Oh, you mean Overgrowth's wielder. That would explain the tremendous amount of power.」</p>

<p>It seems they knew about many things that ordinary adventurers did not. As expected from a dragon warrior chief and a mercenary captain who had been on this continent for many years.</p>

<p>「I don't really get what's going on, but we can just beat up those antidemons and save Fran's friend, right? Let's show them the power of the Dimitris style!」</p>
<p>「I'd go to hell for Black Lightning Princess-san!」</p>
<p>「Time to prove the adventurers of Nocta are no cowards!」</p>
<p>「Behold what the knights of Segilusel can do!」</p>
<p>「As adventurers representing this land, we will show you our pride.」</p>
<p>「Such wonderful weather, the perfect day for a performance.」</p>

<p>What a reliable bunch we got here. Fran seemed to agree, a faint smile appearing on her face.</p>

<p>「……Everyone, lend me your strength!」</p>
<p>「You can count on me. My fists will pave the way forward!」</p>
<p>「My dragon warriors have your back. We'll send you to the side of your important friend!」</p>
<p>「Thanks.」</p>

<p>Fran nodded at Hilt to her left and Chelsea to her right. Behind them stood one hundred elites of entirely different races and positions.</p>

<p>「Okay, let's go.」</p>
<p>「「「<em> YEEAAHH!!! </em>」」」</p>



