---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 796"
permalink: Tenken/0796.html
categories: Tenken
chapter: 796
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch796">796: A Distant Memory of Warmth</h2>

<p>『I see it! That's probably Castel!』</p>

<p>It was the day after we handed the dragonkin over to the guild. We departed from Nocta early in the morning.</p>
 
<p>I thought there would be more trouble over the treatment of the dragonkin, but both the guildmaster and the submaster were happy to take them off us. They had taken quite a liking to Fran.</p>

<p>Also it seemed like they planned to use them as a bargaining chip against the other dragonkin, who had been getting rather annoying lately. We can let the guild take care of the political stuff.</p>

<p>Then, evening of the day after we left.</p>

<p>Our destination started coming into view.</p>

<p>We were staring ahead from Urushi's back as he flew through the air.</p>

<p>The village consisted of several wrecked buildings, surrounded by the remains of a battered wooden fence. There was no sign of life.</p>

<p>In the first place, it was unusual to see not a single light this late in the evening. Like we thought, no one lived here anymore.</p>

<p>What lies before us was one of the many illegal villages abandoned after being destroyed by antidemon raids.</p>

<p>（This is Castel……）</p>
<p>『……Remind you of anything?』</p>
<p>（No.）</p>
<p>『I see.』</p>

<p>Fran shook her head. The sight of the village was not ringing any bells.</p>

<p>Well, it was five years ago and she had never seen the village from this angle. It wouldn't be surprising if she couldn't remember.</p>

<p>『Let's go down.』</p>
<p>「Nn. Urushi.」</p>
<p>「Woof!」</p>

<p>Following Fran's instructions, Urushi descended onto the village square.</p>

<p>The houses were destroyed and the ground was completely covered with grass. Even the square where we stood had long weeds sticking out from the gaps between the cobblestones.</p>

<p>Human hands had clearly not touched the area for many years. There was not much moss in comparison with the weeds, perhaps because of the relatively dry climate.</p>

<p>「……」</p>

<p>Fran gazed around the square silently.</p>

<p>The grass covered square was lit only by the evening sunset.</p>

<p>It must have been a place of relaxation and laughter long ago.</p>

<p>Now all that could be heard was the chirping of insects and the faint rustling of leaves against each other in the wind.</p>

<p>「……Here.」</p>
<p>『Fran?』</p>
<p>「Here…… I recognize it…… I think……」</p>

<p>Fran started walking slowly. She headed toward one of the entrances to the plaza.</p>

<p>You seriously recognize it?</p>

<p>Things must have completely changed since Fran was last here. I had doubts that there would be any semblance to what she once knew.</p>

<p>However, Fran's steps were getting faster and stronger. Her feeling must have turned into certainty.</p>

<p>Was there some kind of atmosphere that only those who have lived here can understand? Or was it her intuition?</p>

<p>Lately, Fran has been strangely perceptive when she acts on her intuitions. Well, that's great as long as it works……</p>

<p>Maybe her wild instincts as a beastman had been sharpened as she continued leveling up?</p>

<p>『Fran, where are you going?』</p>

<p>Without hesitation, Fran plunged into the bushes, weaving her way through the brush.</p>

<p>「……This way……」</p>
<p>『Fran?』</p>
<p>「……I knew it.」</p>

<p>It's no use. She's so focused on drawing out her memories that she can't see anything else.</p>

<p>『Urushi, keep an eye out on her surroundings.』</p>
<p>「Woof!」</p>

<p>Meanwhile, Fran continued to wade through the grass.</p>

<p>Then she stopped at a certain place.</p>

<p>It was a hut with its walls destroyed and its roof collapsed. Quite small, even by the standards of this world.</p>

<p>Well, all the houses in Castel looked fairly similar to this one.</p>

<p>「……」</p>

<p>About 70% of the walls have collapsed, and the remaining parts were rotting and falling apart.</p>

<p>The inside of the hut could be seen through the rotting walls. What appeared to be the remnants of furniture were lying around, also encroached upon by weeds.</p>

<p>Fran silently turned to the side of the abandoned house. There, she found the remains of a door with only the wooden frame remaining.</p>

<p>『Fran?』</p>
<p>「……Here.」</p>

<p>Fran muttered as she staggered toward the abandoned house, in contrast to the fast pace that she had on the way here.</p>

<p>These were very heavy steps, as if something was blocking her way forward.</p>

<p>Judging by her reaction…… I should just watch without saying anything.</p>

<p>「……」</p>

<p>Fran stepped foot into the abandoned house. The ceiling and walls no longer served any purpose. Most of the floor was missing, and a carpet of weeds covered Fran's feet.</p>

<p>Even so, Fran was certain about what she saw.</p>

<p>「……This is my house.」</p>
<p>『I knew it.』</p>
<p>「Nn…… This is… where I lived… with Mom and Dad……」</p>

<p>As Fran muttered this in a hushed voice, a tear fell from her eyes.</p>

<p>What kind of tears were those?</p>

<p>Sadness? Joy? Loneliness from regaining old memories? Melancholy at reaffirmation of her parents' deaths?</p>

<p>「I'm… home……」</p>

<p>But to me, Fran's tears felt more precious than anything in the world.</p>



