---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 811"
permalink: Tenken/0811.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 811
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch811">811: Movement Speed</h2>

<p>The hundred member unit set out from Nocta and was currently moving across the plains.</p>

<p>Even though all of them had decently high physical capabilities, Fran would leave them in the dust if she ran at full speed.</p>

<p>Only Hilt and a few others would be able to keep up.</p>

<p>Even so, our progress ended up being much faster than expected.</p>

<p>One of the reasons was Sophilia's――or rather, Sophie's group-wide enhancements.</p>

<p>Like a bard from an RPG, she was able to create various phenomena by imbuing mana into her music. Not only could she perform buffing and debuffing, she could even apparently use it for attacks and healing.</p>

<p>「Magical Performance - March of Men.」</p>

<p>Immediately after our departure, Sophie started plucking at a small harp.</p>

<p>Then a warm magical power emanated from her, enveloping all one hundred of us.</p>

<p>As expected from a talented performer, everyone was in awe. Even without any special effects, just listening to this performance raised our spirits.</p>

<p>But that was not the true value of the performance. When Sophie finished playing the few minute long song, I could feel a power rising from within all of us.</p>

<p>It seems the magical effect was triggered not while playing the song, but at the end of the performance. Playing and singing must be a substitute for chanting.</p>

<p>「Magical Performance - Swift as the Wind.」</p>

<p>The second song played in succession seemed to have the effect of slightly increasing agility. Combined with the first song's stamina boost, the speed of our march would be considerably increased.</p>

<p>What really surprised me was her ability to enhance one hundred people at the same time, and maintain the buff over a long period. Support magic paled in comparison to such a feat.</p>

<p>Sophie showed no signs of fatigue even after using such powerful skills in succession. She must be hiding even more abilities still.</p>

<p>Anyways, this was an unexpected find. Fran really did a great job when she paid for Sophie's bill the other day.</p>

<p>Well, Sophie couldn't run very fast by herself, so she had to ride on Urushi's back along with the other casters.</p>

<p>The other reason for our speed was Fran's newly acquired title.</p>

<p>It appeared just as we were about to leave Nocta with everyone.</p>

<p>《Fran has attained the title "March of the Valkyrie".》</p>

<p>I heard the voice of Announcer-san. She got a title? But isn't this the title that the Valkyrie we fought in the Beast Kingdom had?</p>

<p>Wasn't that a title unique to the Valkyrie race?</p>

<p>『Announcer-san, what's going on?』</p>
<p>《The individual named Fran has earned the title by meeting the requirements for skill composition and number of subordinates.》</p>

<p>Apparently, it was not so much the race but the "Valkyrie" skill that was important. Well, that skill was originally supposed to be an Innate Skill to the Valkyrie race.</p>

<p>In addition, there were other conditions such as possessing the Movement Boost and Command skills, and having a certain number of subordinates under you.</p>

<p>It was an unexpected windfall, but much appreciated given our circumstances.</p>

<br>
<p>March of the Valkyrie: A title given to Valkyries who meet the requirements.</p>
<p>Effect: When leading an army of one hundred or greater, the effects of the Valkyrie's stealth-type and movement-type skills are extended to the whole army. If the Valkyrie is not in direct command, the effect is greatly reduced.</p>
<br>

<p>The speed of our army increased dramatically, also raising our chances of saving Nadia.</p>

<p>Though Fran and her subordinates were only jogging lightly, the average adventurer would see that as a terrifyingly fast sprint the entire distance to Castel.</p>

<p>「Now this is an impressive marching speed!」</p>
<p>「At this rate, we will reach Castel much earlier than expected!」</p>

<p>Yagilale and Chelsea, who we placed as the vice-commanders, both exclaimed in admiration. Since they regularly lead large armies, this knew just how extraordinary this speed was.</p>

<p>However, our newfound speed was partially thanks to them.</p>

<p>Both of them were well respected leaders themselves, yet they clearly showed deference to Fran as the commander of the unit. That display made it easier for the adventurers to accept her as their leader as well.</p>

<p>This meant the chain of command was firmly established despite all the various factions that had assembled.</p>

<p>Fran would not have been able to obtain that title unless everyone fully recognized her as their commander.</p>

<p>Their roles in the unit can be briefly described as follows: Fran as the commander, Yagilale and Chelsea as vice-commanders, Hilt as our ace captain, Sophie and Tzaluta as support, Diggins as Fran's underling, and finally Kozon as the leader of the adventurers.</p>

<p>Oh, and Fran also took care of logistics and scouting.</p>

<p>Mulsani had provided us with a large amount of food and medicine, which was placed in Fran's dimensional storage. Maybe we could even fight for an entire month without resupplying?</p>

<p>On the way there, we tested our coordination against the swarming antidemons.</p>

<p>Our basic formation will be Fran, Hilt, and Chelsea with their squads in the vanguard, supported by other members in the rear.</p>

<p>The others warriors protect the backs of the vanguard, the sorcerers focus down any enemies with ranged attacks, and Sophie supports everyone with her performances and healing.</p>

<p>They worked surprisingly well together for an impromptu group with several strong-minded individuals.</p>

<p>I also had the opportunity to examine the skill Tzaluta possessed.</p>

<p>We heard the name of the skill from her, "Evil God's Lullaby". Its power was very simple, inducing sleep in anyone with evil energy.</p>

<p>Since antidemons were not 100% fiends, she couldn't apply her full power. However, just slowing them down with drowsiness was plenty.</p>

<p>We had Sophie's magical performances. Tzaluta's "Evil God's Lullaby". Also, Chelsea and Yagilale's skills for strengthening our troops as a whole.</p>

<p>By bringing all of them together, this hundred-man unit would be able to take on anything.</p>

<p>「I'm sure we can save Nadia with these guys.」</p>
<p>『You can say that again.』</p>



