---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 808"
permalink: Tenken/0808.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 808
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch808">808: Ruthless Reality</h2>

<p>「I'm sorry for that pathetic display.」</p>
<p>「Don't be, it wasn't pathetic at all.」</p>
<p>「Hahaha. That little Fran-chan has become a lady who knows how to treat others now, huh?」</p>

<p>Like Nadia, Mulsani only remembered the old, mischievous Fran. It seems he found the grown up Fran refreshing.</p>

<p>「The letter only informed me of your survival…… So, what actually happened that day?」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>Fran gave him a summary of her story, though there were fewer details than what she told Nadia. She had been enslaved, shipped off to a different continent, and then rescued.</p>

<p>「I see…… You've really come a long way.」</p>

<p>Mulsani had a complicated look on his face. He was probably conflicted between his anger at the slavers and the fact that Fran might be dead if it wasn't for them.</p>

<p>「About that man who rescued you, where is he now?」</p>
<p>「……Nn. Right now, umm……」</p>
<p>「Oh, my apologies. He must have some circumstances.」</p>

<p>Fran hesitated to reveal my identity, but also didn't want to lie. I could tell how she felt.</p>

<p>Seeing Fran's silence, Mulsani realized that there was something that couldn't be said. He nodded with a gentle expression.</p>

<p>Since he does business with adventurers on this continent, he must be well aware of how to deal with these kinds of circumstances.</p>

<p>He didn't dig any deeper into it. This is a man of kindness, and I could feel his concern for Fran.</p>

<p>「Are you the top of this company?」</p>
<p>「Huh? Oh yes, I am. I suppose you've only seen me long ago when I was still peddling.」</p>

<p>The Ladirua family had been in business on this continent for generations. The first generation started as traveling merchants, and their heirs are obliged to visit remote villages as peddlers.</p>

<p>It seemed that Mulsani also worked as a peddler during his training period.</p>

<p>「We sell food and daily necessities, so if there is anything you want, we can help you.」</p>
<p>「……In that case, I need your help to save Nadia.」</p>

<p>Fran bowed her head to Mulsani with a look of desperation on her face.</p>

<p>「……I thought as much. She's still remained in Castel after all these years, hasn't she?」</p>
<p>「Nn. I'm hiring a bunch of adventurers to help her!」</p>
<p>「I see……」</p>

<p>Mulsani lowered his eyes and contemplated something, but quickly shook his head apologetically.</p>

<p>「I'm very sorry…… but I'm afraid I will not be of much use there.」</p>
<p>「Why not?」</p>
<p>「You may find takers if looking for an escort party, but you intend to challenge a horde of antidemons head on…… The adventurers who have been active on this continent for a long time know well the horrors of the antidemon season. I'm afraid very few adventurers would be willing to accept that request.」</p>
<p>「……I see.」</p>

<p>Both the submaster and Mulsani said the same thing to us. That just goes to show how unlikely adventurers are to accept our request.</p>

<p>「Of course, I will try to reach out to adventurers too, but…… please do not get your hopes up.」</p>
<p>「Okay……」</p>

<br>
<p>Three days later.</p>

<p>Fran did everything she could.</p>

<p>She frequently visited the guild to invite adventurers, and to show her strength by taking part in mock battles.</p>

<p>However, the results were not looking good. Not a single adventurer promised to take her request.</p>

<p>And then, today came.</p>

<p>Fran went to the guild, only to be confronted with a cruel reality.</p>

<p>「I'm terribly sorry.」</p>
<p>「Don't be……」</p>

<p>Not a single adventurer accepted Fran's offer.</p>

<p>Even Fran had expected to get at least a few people.</p>

<p>The adventurers in Nocta were more rational than we had expected. Since Nocta was a front-line town in Gordicia, there were hardly any rookies or weaklings.</p>

<p>No one was careless enough to accept such a crazy request for the lure of a good reward.</p>

<p>As we should have expected, we can't ask them to put their lives on the line just by giving them some meat.</p>

<p>「……Fran-dono. What will you do about the request? Did you wish to keep it up?」</p>
<p>「……Hmm…」</p>

<p>Fran was also wondering. She wanted to help Nadia even if by herself, but she knew how difficult it would be alone.</p>

<p>Should she just go alone, or should she try waiting longer for people to gather?</p>

<p>Fran's struggle was palpable.</p>

<p>「The request…… can be canceled.」</p>
<p>「Are you sure?」</p>
<p>『Fran, wait! You're not thinking of going alone, are you?』</p>
<p>（……I don't have a choice anymore.）</p>
<p>『No way!』</p>

<p>Nadia specified one hundred people, but that was only to keep Fran stalled. She knew it would be impossible to get them all.</p>

<p>But that was not the only reason.</p>

<p>I think Nadia predicted that Fran might ignore her and come back, but it would still increase her chances of survival with more adventurers in tow. That was supposed to be her insurance.</p>

<p>『We don't even know how strong the antidemons are! You would be diving headfirst to your death! Nadia knew that too, that's why she asked for a hundred people!』</p>
<p>「But!」</p>

<p>Shit. Fran just screamed that out loud.</p>

<p>I guess she could no longer control her emotions. I got a little too hot headed there too.</p>

<p>I looked over at the submaster to see his eyes wide open. But Fran's emotional breakdown did not stop there.</p>

<p>「If I just keep waiting! No one is gonna come! Then I'd rather go alone to help her right now!」</p>

<p>So it all comes down to this…… To be honest, I was expecting Fran to say something like that.</p>

<p>『……Fran. Despite all her strength, even Nadia was prepared to die. No matter how strong you are……』</p>
<p>「Sorry. But I <em>will</em> go back to Castel.」</p>

<p>The submaster responded to Fran's mutterings. He must have thought her words were directed at him.</p>

<p>「Fran-dono…… Would you please reconsider? Just one person alone against a horde of antidemons is simply……」</p>
<p>「So it would okay if she is not alone?」</p>

<p>Just as the submaster asked Fran to reconsider, a third voice suddenly interrupted.</p>

<p>I sensed someone was approaching, but I thought it was just an onlooker. Could there really be an adventurer willing to accept our request?</p>

<p>All eyes turned to the entrance of the guild. There stood a few men who looked familiar.</p>

<p>「I am Yagilale, Captain of the Third Knight Order of the Kingdom of Segilusel. I have come hearing your pleas for assistance.」</p>

<p>They were the knights Fran had helped on the way to Nocta.</p>



