---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1225"
permalink: Tenken/1225.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1225
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1225: Prospective Resettlement Site</h2>

「Is this the final site?」

「It appears so.」

Fran asked Klikka, who responded with a nod while looking at her map.

We're currently visiting the pioneer villages where the people of Raydoss will be settling.

Klikka was accompanying me, Fran, and Urushi as the representative from the Raydoss side.

It seems she was chosen for the role due to her combat and stealth capabilities in case they became necessary. She also had the authority to make decisions, and was well-acquainted with Fran.

「All these villages seem to have a similar layout.」

「Nn. But this one looks like the best.」

「I suppose so...」

There were three prospective sites for the Raydoss people to settle in, but unfortunately, all of them were quite run-down. Our friends from Bulbora said their initial expectation was that they could be made habitable with minimal repairs, but...

「The first village's location was pretty good, but...」

「Nn... Sorry.」

The first village we visited was located near a stream, surrounded by a mix of forest and grassland. In other words, a very favorable location.

It was a bit off the main road, but that could be considered a merit for living in seclusion.

However, the fact that it didn't attract much attention also drew some unsavory characters to take advantage of it...

「No, you couldn't help it. Leaving the bandits to their crimes could cause harm to unrelated parties. You were not mistaken in dealing with them immediately.」

「Nn.」

Since the abandoned village had become a den for bandits, we charged in and annihilated them. While we didn't find any prisoners, there were several bodies that appeared to be from slain travelers.

Fran and Klikka flew into a fit of rage upon seeing this, and slaughtered the rest of the bandits in a rather gory manner.

These two seem to share a lot of traits.

They both generally appear calm since they don't show much of their emotions, but in reality, they're passionate and can't stand seeing the weak oppressed. Even if they don't share the same home country.

What's more, they go all out when something needs to get done.

Thanks to them, our best prospective settlement got completed stained in blood, both inside and outside the houses!

We certainly couldn't recommend such a blood-stained village in good conscience, so the first site became unviable. Don't want the entire village abandoned when it gets haunted later.

The second prospective site contained the largest amount of land, and even had three wells within the village grounds. The area also included fields and hills for dairy farming, making it the most promising candidate.

Until we realized the complicating factor.

The outer walls of the village and houses were all in awful condition. It wasn't as if they were completely destroyed, but countless small holes had been drilled into them.

Small insects had bored these holes to build their nests. These were ordinary insects rather than monsters, but their sheer numbers made them a greater threat than most weaker monsters.

We managed to exterminate them with Urushi's poison and some puffs of hot air, but that didn't magically fix all the holes. Everything would need to be rebuilt.

It seem these insects originally inhabited the nearby trees, but the colonists from Bulbora used the contaminated wood for construction without any knowledge.

Furthermore, the type of tree containing the insects was common in the region, so they would have to continue using them in the future.

Unless they discover some method of repelling the insects, it's likely too difficult to use this place in the future.

The fact that no problems had arisen while people were around might be due to the presence of humans keeping the insects at bay. Perhaps lighting fires nearby was coincidentally enough to suppress the nests.

『So, about the third village...』

「The walls are broken.」

「True, and I sense the presence of magical beasts too.」

Part of the outer wall surrounding the village had collapsed inward, and we could hear the high-pitched cries of beasts from within. Whatever destroyed the wall must have allowed them entry.

「This is our last option, so we have no choice but to secure this place in a usable condition. Let's lure the beasts out of the village before eliminating them.」

「Nn.」

With that said, Fran and Klikka devised a plan. The monsters in the village resembled armadillos the size of cows.

They were called "Armor Rats", and they could curl up just like armadillos too. Well, except they were carnivorous and could deploy magical barriers.

It seems the Armor Rats had done of lot of breeding in the village, as I sensed the presence of around forty. Fran and Klikka were capable of defeating them easily, so luring them out of the village would be the hard part.

「Urushi, can you handle it?」

「Woof!」

「I take it Urushi will be driving them out?」

「Nn. Urushi can do it.」

「Woof woof!」

「I see. Let's leave it to him then.」

Klikka had witnessed Urushi's abilities during our journey so far, and their relationship had deepened somewhat. She seemed confident in entrusting this carefree wolf with the task.

『First try intimidation, then give any who don't run a kick with your front paws. Make sure you don't accidentally splat them.』

「Woof!」

With that, the enlarged Urushi rushed into the village and began the Armor Rat extermination mission.

He circled around the village emitting a hostile aura, and smacked a few to encourage escape. Most of them fled and were promptly hunted down by Fran and Klikka once they left.

However, a few remained. Some were paralyzed by fear, and others attempted to hide inside the houses.

Urushi rolled them out with his front paws and kicked them outside the village.

「Woof! Woooof!」

Oh, now he's starting to play around by dribbling them like a soccer ball? He's even adding completely unnecessary feints. Elastico dribble into a scissor kick?! What at you even aiming at!?

「Woooooof!」

No! No goal! Urushi misjudged his strength on the last kick, which literally exploded the Armor Rat in tiny bits. Just when we had almost managed to keep everything tidy!

『Urushi, bad boy.』

「Bad.」

「Woof...」

Guess we'll have to do our best to clean up the mess...
