---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1012"
permalink: Tenken/1012.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1012
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1012: Side - Izario</h2>

 She's already left.

 It takes a true adventurer to make the right decision in times like these. Master must be guiding her well. The two make a good team.

 But still, never thought I'd see two Intelligence Weapons at a place like this…… No, maybe it was because of this place?

 The continent of Gordicia is a land of horrors, with divine swords, antidemons, and all sorts of monsters around every corner. It shouldn't be a surprise to see such mythical existences drawn together here.

『Stop right there, GIIIRRLL!』

 A woman's screech echoed in my head. I've known that Trismegistus' sword, Fannabelta, was an Intelligence Weapon, but this is my first time hearing her voice out loud.

 By they male or female, those mad with envy are as troublesome as those seeking revenge. Though according to the legends, she was supposed to be the always calm and composed Ice Maiden……

 Who could've imagined she'd be this crazy in reality? All thanks to her "Original Sin Envy" skill. Simply possessing the skill causes the flames of jealousy to warp her mind.

 Normally, these sin-type skills are rare skills only possessed by demons. Moreover, "Original Sin" marks the skills belonging to demons of the highest caliber.

 The Wrath Demon I fought a while back in the Rank A dungeon told me all about that, though his constant anger made it hard to hold a conversation.

 So the question is, why did Fannabelta have an Original Sin skill?

 From what I've heard, she didn't start off with the skill. Well, she was supposedly an elf before becoming a sword, so that's only natural.

 Apparently, the two fought a demon with Original Sin Envy some decades ago. During that battle, the demon used Original Sin Envy to steal one of her skills.

 But what happened afterwards was something no one could have expected.

 The demon tried to take a skill so valuable that it was unable to pay the price.

 Original Sin Envy, a skill to forcibly perform an equivalent exchange with the target. However, usage of this skill comes with a great risk. In the case that the user offers something not equal in value to what they are taking, the skill automatically decides what will be exchanged instead.

 That means the user may lose their very life, making for quite the risky gamble.

 As a result, the Envy Demon was forced to give the Original Sin Envy skill itself in the trade. Fannabelta lost some sort of powerful skill, and gained the loathsome Original Sin Envy skill.

 Considering Trismegistus told me this himself, it's probably the truth. I don't think the guy has enough individuality left to tell a lie.

 He never mentioned that Fannabelta went off the rails because of it though.

 I ain't a fan of chicks like this, but I need to buy time for the little lady's escape.

「Hey, wanna come play with me for a bit?」

『Runt, move out of my way!』

「Me, a runt? I guess that's an elf for you.」

『How dare you mock me!』

 Though she's certainly in the grip of madness, her mind isn't completely gone yet.

「Izario, farewell.」

 It seems Fannabelta told Trismegistus to ignore me. He quickly made an attempt to bypass me.

 But I won't let you go that easy!

「……**Divine Sword Release**! Hey come on, don't give me the cold shoulder!」

『Runt! Stop interfering with us!』

「No one's dumb enough to stop when the enemy tells them to! Flame Dance!」

 From the very beginning, I blasted him with max output. A brilliant red inferno consumed everything around us like an ocean of fire.

 No offense to the little lady, but I'm much happier fighting alone. After all, I can focus all my power on pure destructive energy without holding back.

「Ora! Flame Blade!」

「Superb techniques, Izario.」

「At least put on a smile if you want to compliment someone!」

『My liege! How dare you!』

 It seems my attempt to grab their attention was a success. Trismegistus only took a slight burn, and Fannabelta already went half berserk.

『Cocytus!』

「Tch! Flame Wall!」

 Fannabelta was known as the "Ice Maiden" due to being a practitioner of ice magic, and a high rank one at that.

 The vortex of ice freezing the air itself collided with the flames I shot out, resulting in a huge explosion.

 Though I was using a defensive technique, she still managed to match the output of a divine sword. Should have expected as much from a legendary Intelligence Weapon. Right afterward, Trismegistus snuck up on me without a sound. He appeared right behind me out of the cloud of water vapor.

「Kuh! Did you suddenly turn into an assassin!」

 Trismegistus slashed at me wordlessly, and I still couldn't sense his presence. He had such an impressive aura, and he managed to camouflage all of it.

 If Ignis' heat detection ability wasn't so ridiculous, I might have died without a chance to react. That's just how nasty his stealth and swordsmanship were.

 He's been swinging around his blade for millennia, so I don't stand a chance when it comes to a melee. That just goes to show you how outrageous the little lady is for being able to cross blades with him.

 But I'll say this again, I'm a Rank S adventurer! I can't keep losing to my juniors!

「Your divine flames are splendid, capable of easily melting my barriers. In addition, you even surpass me when it comes to defense.」

「The divine sword bearers can't afford to lose so easily, you see!」

 I continued parrying Trismegistus' blade, as Ignis' flames melted away at his body. Though he has a powerful barrier, it's practically useless against my divine flames.

 My divine flames collided with his mana, creating a tornado of wind and heat. The surrounding region was already beginning to turn into a hellscape.

 Not even little lady Fran would be able to survive getting caught up in that. Trismegistus' entire body was covered in burns, but he maintained his relaxed attitude.

 I guess that's just your average day to this immortal. Like I thought, I'll have to get serious!

「Hurry up and die once already! Flame Body!」

「Hoh. This is the first time you are showing me this power, yes?」

「Ha! Never noticed it despite all that big talk about your eyes?」

「Indeed. It seems the divine swords exceed my capabilities, so I was unable to see everything.」

 I used one of my last resorts: the Divine Sword Art, "Flame Body". To put it simply, this technique turns my entire body into divine flames. The current me was now a clump of divine flames in the shape of a human.

 Any normal attacks targeting me will pass through without effect, and the slightest touch is enough to ignite my enemies with divine flames. Your average guy has no way of extinguishing that, so all that's left is to turn to ash.

「Hmm…」

「You put it out so easily!」

「Not quite. The feat consumed a bit of my divine attribute.」

 Trismegistus has Divine Dragon Form. Someone capable of using the divine attribute could deal with my flames. But just you wait, this technique isn't just for defense and counters.

「Ora!」

「When did you get so close? I did not sense any magic.」

 The true essence of my Flame Body technique is the ability to assimilate myself with flames. Simply absorbing flames becomes enough to heal me. Not only that, I could also appear from anywhere there was a fire.

 This was no teleportation. All the flames surrounding us were a part of me, so I was essentially omnipresent. Without any prior knowledge, my opponent would think I instantly teleported somehow.

 I had already lit the entire room ablaze, so our battle took place in the middle of the inferno. In such a situation, it was nearly impossible to follow my movements.

「Haah!」

『My liege! Stop this at once, runt! Damn you!』

「Just try and stop me.」

 I could appear from anywhere and strike with a blade of divine flame. Even my opponent is an abomination from the legends, I don't plan to lose. Fannabelta blasted away with ice spells, but they simply evaporated after making contact with my flames.

「Now go back to the throne――Whoa?! What the hell?!」

 The antidemon I fought off earlier started radiating an extraordinary amount of mana. I put him off for later since he didn't seem to be doing anything, but he managed to survive my stray flames. No, if anything, he's gotten even stronger.

 But where did that Meltritte girl go? The antidemon's aura is so strong that it's covering up her presence!

「The girl has finished her preparations.」

「Preparations? What are you plotting?!」

「The creation of the mightiest antidemon the world has ever seen. Your mistake was not prioritizing the destruction of the antidemon designated as the vessel.」

 What is he even talking about? The creation of the mightiest antidemon? Isn't that against his entire purpose? Why is Trismegistus allowing this to happen!?

「What the hell are you up to?!」

「I have only ever had one goal.」

 I don't know what kinda nonsense he's speaking, but this is really bad! The antidemon just keeps getting bigger!

「Should you really be focusing on other matters right now?」

「Grah!」

 He's managed to deal so much damage to me despite my Flame Body! His mastery of the divine attribute is too perfect! Shit, my concentration is……!

『Now die! I'll put your divine sword to good use for you!』


