---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1045"
permalink: Tenken/1045.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1045
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1045: Departure from Gordicia</h2>

『We can finally say goodbye to this place.』

「Nn.」

 It's only been a few days since the battle with the giant antidemon.

 After finishing the busy clean up effort, not that Fran really did much there, we returned to the western port. Her employer Brunen was astonished in more ways than one, but he praised Fran saying she vastly exceeded his wildest imaginations.

 I mean, our original plan was to hunt a few antidemons for training, then visit the graves and talk to Trismegistus……

 But what we got was a massive adventure several times longer than our expectations.

 We met so many people, including divine sword wielders, members of the Seven Sages, and knights from various countries. Both Fran and Urushi ended up growing way more than planned too.

「It's been a while since our last boat trip.」

「Woof!」

 Fran looked out at the harbor from the deck of the boat, squinting in the sea breeze. We're departing for the continent of Jilbard in less than an hour.

『We've finished our goodbyes and completely spent all our antidemon points.』

「Nn.」

 Antidemon points can't be taken outside the continent, or more precisely, no one will accept them. It's like a virtual currency exclusive to the continent of Gordicia.

 No matter how much we have, it's all useless once we leave Gordicia.

 Well, that's probably a measure to ensure adventurers stay in Gordicia as long as possible. You can buy whatever you want in Gordicia, but it's worthless in other continents.

 So if you have a ton, it's only natural that you won't want to leave.

 But who knows what will happen to this system in the future. With a huge reduction to the number of antidemons over the next 30 years, lower ranked adventurers won't be able to earn a living. The whole economy based on spending points for living costs will fall apart.

 We also don't know how everyone will respond to Trismegistus' warning. There's no way they can pack up and leave immediately, but I think there will be a stronger push to keep the weak off the continent.

 The issue was already being debated in many forums. Many argued that civilians, low-level adventurers, and novice soldiers should be forbidden from entering the continent.

 Which means that the antidemon point system itself may need to change somehow. Either way, let the bigwigs think about that stuff. We just spent everything we had since it can't be transferred.

 We mostly bought building stone and other materials with our points, which we donated to the towns affected by this incident.

 I honestly couldn't think of any better use. Pretty much the only other option was to stock up on vast amounts of food and medicines.

 But if we did that, we'd be taking it from the inhabitants of the continent who needed it more than us. Monopolizing supplies would cause chaos. Even if we tried to distribute the food and stuff on our own, there's no way we could distribute it evenly to everyone.

 After much deliberation, we decided to pick up some reasonably priced building materials that would normally be difficult to transport.

 Though apparently, we stocked up so much that people had to ask if we were building a castle.

 We also went around greeting everyone who helped us out while delivering the materials.

 Replare, the guildmaster of Nocta, and the dandy submaster were busy worrying about the guild's future operations. Also Kozon and the other adventurers who came with us to Nadia's rescue.

 Mea, Quina, and their friends from the Beast Kingdom, who were hard at work for the sake of Gordicia's beastmen.

 Ajisai from Hagane, who was forced to remain in Nocta until the Holy Nation's departure.

 Drulay the rabbitkin, as well as the other outlaws who respected Fran as their boss.

 Chelsea and Tzaluta, the dragonkin and mercenary who fought alongside us. Also Ashwrath, who had retreated to the depths of the continent to quell his Mad Ogre Form.

 Everyone bid their own farewells to Fran, though a few begged her to stay on the continent. However, Fran refused.

 After all, her request wasn't over until she escorted her employer Brunen back to Jilbard. Besides, staying on the continent would not advance Fran's goal of lifting the curse of black cat race, nor would it help me grow without any magic stones here.

「Fran. Thank you for your assistance.」

「You should come visit my nation sometime.」

「Orfalve, Jayne.」

 The two queens showed up with barely any escorts. Apparently, they came all this way to see Fran off. Fran jumped off the boat to shake their hands and exchange greetings.

「When you see Garrus, tell him I said hello.」

「Send my regards to my foolish son.」

 Oh right. Come to think of it, Orfalve was Garrus' mother-in-law and Jayne was Jean's mother. I almost forgot because of how young they looked. Following the two queens, a bunch of other people came to see Fran.

「Fran! Leaving already, huh?」

「Velmeria, is your mom still okay?」

「Of course, Frederick is with us too.」

 Velmeria called out to Fran in an easygoing manner. It seems that her friendship with Fran deepened after fighting alongside each other.

「Sorry about your skill……」

「You couldn't help it. Besides, that skill exceeded my capabilities. I should be thanking you.」

 Fran already informed her about how she stole Divine Dragon Form. Well, it's not like we can give it back or anything, so the two had agreed that nothing more could be done.

 I thought she might hate us for it, but Velmeria didn't seem to mind at all. I can only hope we can return it eventually……

「Little lady Fran!」

「Izario. Why are you here?」

「Come on, don't give me that. I'm here to see you off.」

 Izario should still be pretty busy with the cleanup effort, but he still took time out of his day to come. Fran beamed happily when she realized this. The two had gotten pretty close.

「Auntie Nadia, you know Izario?」

「I guess you can say that. Woops. Sorry, Izario-dono.」

「Don't worry about it. You're still recovering right?  Try not to push yourself too much.」

 Nadia and Mulsani came alongside Izario, so I guess they were familiar with each other. Despite never speaking face to face, it seems the two had heard of the other as fellow powerful adventurers fighting on the same continent.

 Nadia still couldn't walk properly, so Izario gave her his shoulder.

「Fran. I'm very grateful for this sword.」

「Nn.」

 Nadia had lost Overgrowth, so Fran gifted her the enchanted sword belonging to the dragonkin elder Resalva. She'll be heading to the Beast Kingdom later, so that weapon should support her nicely.

「Don't get too reckless, okay?」

「Nn.」

「Let's meet again soon!」

「Fran-dono! Take care!」

「Thank you for everything.」

 Then came the adventurer Diggins, followed by Yagilale, as well as William the ripped elf. Seeing all of them made me realize just how many connections we've made on this continent alone.

『It's about time to set sail, Brunen's calling for you.』

「Nn…… Time to go.」

「Fran, this is no time for tears.」

「Hilt……」

 Hilt, who was leaving the continent along with us, wiped away Fran's tears. Colbert and Phobos were right next to her. The Dimitris school had lost some of its members, so the journey must have left a huge impression on them.

 Still, she needed to act as the adult watching over Fran.

「……! This song!」

「Woof woof!」

『Wow!』

 Sophie stood at the end of the harbor bank, playing her harp in front of the boats passing through. Her song was one we've heard many times before.

「The song of adventurers……」

 Sophie's performance also reached the adventurers who had come to see us off. They all started to sing too.

 The song spread to not only them, but also the completely unrelated people passing through the harbor. Everyone seemed to be singing to their heart's content.

「Don’t lose…♪ Keep going…♪ Show them your pride…♪」

「Stand up! Come on, this is our chance to show them what we’ve got!」

「Show them what you got!」

「We’re with you!」

「We are adventurers~…♪」

「The golden adventurers~…♪」

 Tears welled up in the corners of Fran's eyes upon hearing the chorus, and her mouth naturally began singing along.

「We are adventurers~!」

「Woof woof!」

「The golden… adventurers…… *Sniff*」

 Fran hugged Urushi and buried her face in his fur to wipe away her tears.

「Bye… guys……」


