---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1180"
permalink: Tenken/1180.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1180
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1180: Maleficent's Lament</h2>

Persona forcibly stopped Maleficent's Divine Sword Release with an order.

Using Divine Sword Release would likely have led to irreversible damage. Persona probably intended to prevent that.

「Hah! Come no closer, you lot!」

「Mrgh!」

Nameless pulled a short sword from his waist and pressed it against Persona's throat. This was a magic sword with stark pink and purple coloring.

『Magic Sword, Zelyse.』

（I'm sensing a creepy feeling from it.）

Zelyse after having turned into an Intelligence Weapon. The blade emit mana with a very sinister aura.

「...!」

「What's wrong? Scared that your powers have been sealed away?」

Much to our surprise, Magic Sword Zelyse apparently had the ability to seal Persona's powers. Was he capable of blocking her use of mana or something?

「Kukakah! Dead or alive, I don't mind one bit. This is no empty threat.」

「Stop!」

Fran shouted, but she was forced to stand down once Nameless pressed the blade harder against Persona's skin. Urushi, who was planning an ambush from the shadows, could do nothing as well.

「Kukakakah! This mana wavelength! There can be no mistake! The source of your power is a skill connecting you to an offshoot of the War God!」

「...」

Nameless shouted like a madman, but then he suddenly let out a pained cry. He covered his face with his hand, which started spasming.

「Kuh...! I'm hesitating to harm a child, let alone kill them!? How can I, the esteemed ruler of undead, allow myself to get so soft! Dammit! Don't you invade me!」

Nameless repeatedly shook his head while mumbling to himself.

「My business here is finished!」

「PERSONAAA!」

「No!」

Maleficent attempted to move, but was once again stopped by Persona. We couldn't save her either. Even though Nameless had been somehow incapacitated, Magic Sword Zelyse was still ready and waiting to kill her.

The next instant, Nameless and Persona vanished before our eyes.

We could do nothing but watch.

「UROOOOOOOOOOGH!」

Fran grimaced upon hearing Maleficent's scream. She understood all of the grief in the man's voice.

We watched as Maleficent repeatedly pounded his forehead on the ground while wailing. But soon after, Fran suddenly changed her expression and took a step back.

「Maleficent...」

「...Ahh.」

This is bad. Even I can tell.

「Ahhhh...」

「Kuhn...」

Urushi was clearly scared, and I can sympathize.

「**AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!**」

A massive amount of mana overflowed from Maleficent's body.

The surge of crimson burst out like a geyser.

『G-Get back!』

「Nn.」

「Woof!」

Normally, Maleficent would have gone into a blind fury. But not now, because Persona ordered him to not get angry. Actually, it looked to me like the boiling madness was immediately suppressed right before it was about to reach the surface.

As a result, it was his grief and lament that exploded.

While still sitting on the ground, Maleficent turned to the heavens and roared.

「ACCURSED RAYDOSS FILTH!!! AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!」

Then, his screaming came to a abrupt end.

His arms drooped to the ground, as if he had lost all his energy. Maleficent's face turned slowly in our direction.

「...Black Lightning Princess.」

「Nn.」

「I... I have to go.」

Maleficent flew up into the sky after his declaration. Before we realized it, he had sprouted bat-like wings from his back. There was no change in his clothes or armor, so those must have been created with magic.

We could only watch as Maleficent flew off into the distant skies. I know he has to chase after Persona, but it's hard to imagine a happy ending.

For him, Persona, or even the entire country of Raydoss...

『Fran, there's no point in staying here anymore. Let's regroup with the Kranzel army. I also want to hear what the half-insectkin have to say.』

「...Nn.」

Approximately one hour later.

Things finally started settling down after the sudden ambush.

Considering all the casualties from this and the fort battle earlier, we took incredibly heavy losses. I don't think our army was in any state to continue the invasion.

They promptly decided to regroup with the eastern division, and immediately began preparations for departure. Despite their fatigue, the soldiers followed without complaint, likely too scared to stay in this camp any longer.

In the midst of all this, we and Jean spoke with the half-insectkin who came to our rescue.

「Thanks for the support.」

「Don't mention it. Raydoss is our mutual enemy.」

「As they always say, the enemy of my enemy is my friend!」

Their representative was a female scorpion half-insectkin with reddish-black hair. The bald man standing beside her seemed to be a beetle half-insectkin.

All of them had the stiff posture of soldiers, marking them clearly as non-adventurers.

「My name is Quint.」

「I'm Boldor.」

「We are members of the mercenary brigade, Antennae and Shell.」

Neidhart's subordinates. From what we heard before, they had been defeated in a battle with Raydoss and captured.

The Kingdom of Raydoss practices isolationism, so they refused to engage in prisoner exchanges, leaving any captured soldiers enslaved. Many were forced to work as combat or mining slaves throughout the nation.

Apparently, they had been rescued by Neidhart very recently.

The mantis half-insectkin Neidhart had headed to Raydoss, despite the action marking him as an enemy of Kranzel. He stated that his goal was to rescue his comrades, and it seems he accomplished his mission.

That said, why don't I see him here?

「Where is Neidhart?」

「...We have a favor to ask you regarding that subject.」

「Please save our captain! I'm begging you!」
