---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 936"
permalink: Tenken/0936.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 936
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>936: Tipsy Rank S</h2>

 Today was the morning after the feast ended in a great success.

 We exited the guild's lodging room, and went down to the training grounds. There we found several adventurers lying on the ground, as silent as corpses.

「Yuck!」

 Fran scowled, holding her nose.

『This place reeks of alcohol……』

 No doubt the drinking continued even after Fran left to sleep. How the hell is that guy out cold while managing to hold a headstand?

 Moreover, there were some still drinking in the morning. At the center of them was Izario, the divine sword wielding adventurer.

「Chug, chug!」

「Uwahahahahaha!」

「Blara larare!」

「What are you even saying anymore!」

「Gyahahaha!」

 Damn. There were nearly 30 bottles of alcohol lying at his feet, but Izario showed no signs of getting wasted. He seemed only somewhat tipsy, with the other adventurers all half-collapsed around him.

 Is this also part of a Rank S adventurer's strength? I heard that you can get drunk from alcohol no matter how high your level is, but maybe high stats affect the speed at which your body recovers?

 With the way he scarfed down his drink while laughing like an idiot, he looked just like any middle-aged man you would see in a bar. He reminded me of my department boss before my reincarnation.

 The adventurers around him didn't seem to notice Izario at all, probably the effect of his cloak. Well, maybe they're just too drunk to recognize people in general.

 Actually, didn't he say something about "wanting to be in perfect condition"? There's no way that counts as perfect condition.

 Fran thought so too, so she approached Izario and the others.

「Hey.」

「Oh! The Meat Girl!」

 Even Izario recognized Fran as "The Meat Girl"! I guess Fran didn't seem to mind. Rather, she looked kinda smug? Maybe she thought of it as a title of respect given to the person presiding over the wonderful existence of meat.

「You said you couldn't do a mock battle because you wanted to be in perfect condition.」

「Yeah! I definitely said that!」

「Are you actually in perfect condition?」

 I don't think Fran was actually angry, but rather genuinely doubtful. Since Fran didn't drink, she didn't really know what it's like to be drunk.

「Sure am. I've got more energy when I'm a little drunk! This is how my perfect condition looks like!」

「I see.」

 Lies! All lies! He's just a damn drunkard spouting nonsense now! Fran, don't listen to him! Izario…… You're literally a hopeless good-for-nothing! What idiot called him the honors students among the Rank S adventurers!?

「You wanna drink too, little lady?」

「Hmm.」

 Fran! No!

「Does it taste good?」

「Oh definitely! You've never had a drink before? You're losing out on 90% of your life!」

 Don't they usually say "half of your life" there? What kind of loser spends 90% of their life drinking?!

『I'm not allowing this!』

「……Just a little bit.」

『No! No, no, no, no!』

「Uhahahaha! Drink, drink, drink! I learned the taste of alcohol when I was five!」

『Kuh! Damn alcoholics!』

 Fran's gaze wavered between me and the cup Izario handed her. Being the glutton that she was, Fran showed interest in the drink. Besides, adventurers were all about booze.

 She must want to drink in order to become her vision of an ideal adventurer. Still, I'm having none of this!

 Maybe it would be acceptable if we're placed in a situation where there was nothing else to drink, but I see no reason to allow her to learn the taste of alcohol right now. What am I supposed to do if she gets addicted?!

 Fine, I'll always have my telekinesis as a last resort. But while I was worrying……

「You! You're Izario!」

「Yeah? And who're you guys?」

「I'm Zubalb, Rank C adventurer!」

「Molly!」

「Wesclen!」

「We're going to beat the shit out of you and make a name for ourselves! Prepare yourself!」

 They looked pretty violent, so I expected them to be asking for a mock battle. Then they suddenly pulled out their weapons. I guess it's more like a foolhardy grab for fame.

 Winning against a Rank S adventurer would certainly make them famous, but don't they have any sense of fear?

 His two friends were obviously only Rank D, so how did they expect to compare with a divine sword? However, it seems these guys thought they had a chance.

「Even if you're Rank S, you can't beat me when drunk! You're mine!」

 Izario's face was indeed red, so he was obviously drunk. But did that even matter?

 The crowd cheered as the fight suddenly broke out. Instead of helping Izario, they simply started to drink to the fight.

 Rather than being heartless or anything, the thought that Izario might lose probably never entered their heads.

「Izario, when did you get here?」

「What? You guys were drinking together, weren't you?」

「Oh, that was him?」

「I was so drunk I didn't even notice!」

「He's not even wearing a mask, and you couldn't recognize him!」

「Guess so!」

 Fran simply moved back to the wall, waiting to see how Izario responded.

『That guy with an axe seems pretty decent.』

（Nn. His movements aren't bad.）

 While he didn't have any magic or scouting skills, his weapon skills were decent. He also had Intuition and other discernment-type skills, which are likely what allowed him to break the effect of Izario's cloak.

 Izario ducked when Zubalb slashed at him with a war cry. Then he shrugged and shook his head.

「Good grief, man. I was just having a good time drinking, and now you come out of nowhere. If you apologize now, we can pretend it never happened.」

「Heh! You call yourself Rank S? You're just a coward trying to get out of a fight! This so-called "continent of death" is nothing but the boonies!」

「Huh. Getting me all riled up…… Fine. You can call me whatever you want, but I can't back down if you mock the other adventurers. Let's settle this.」

 Izario kept a smirk on his face as he made a "bring it" gesture towards Zubalb.

「Come at me.」

「Don't you dare look down on me!」

 Though unexpected, it looks like we'll get the chance to see how this Rank S adventurer fights.



