---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1224"
permalink: Tenken/1224.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1224
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1224: Celebration and Resolve</h2>

「Urushi.」

「Woof.」

Fran affectionately stroked Urushi on the roof of the guild.

He had grown to the size of a buffalo to lean against her, placing his head conveniently at Fran's right side to make it easy to pet.

「...Thank you.」

「Woof?」

Fran hugged Urushi's neck, burying herself in his fluffy fur. Urushi wagged his tail happily, though a bit restrained to prevent Fran from getting covered in dust.

「I reached Rank A thanks to you and Master.」

「Woof?」

「I wouldn't have been able to do it myself.」

Fran clenched her fist with a slightly regretful expression. She was happy to have achieved Rank A, but she seemed to think her own abilities were still lacking.

I guess it's pretty hard to determine what was her own strength, and what was due to me and Urushi.

Of course, adventurers consider weapons and familiars to be a part of their owner's strength. That's why they immediately promote divine sword wielders to Rank S.

Fran understood this, which was why she accepted the promotion to Rank A. However, she also understood that she couldn't have done it alone, and that seemed to be a source of disappointment for her.

『Fran. You've been growing incredibly fast, and you'll only keep getting stronger. It's only a matter of time.』

We already have the power to hold our own against Rank S opponents, albeit temporarily. We might even reach Rank S some day. That's not just a wild dream anymore.

「Nn. But I've still got a long way to go. This is something we all achieved together.」

Fran took out her golden adventurer card and stared at it.

No doubt becoming Rank A has filled her with many conflicting emotions.

「...So, I'll still be counting on you.」

「Woof!」

『Yeah!』

Fran embraced me while still hugging Urushi, feeling Urushi's fluffiness and my hardness. Then, she suddenly raised her head.

*Rumble*.

「I'm hungry.」

That's certainly a very fast stomach!

The somber atmosphere was blown away when Fran rubbed her belly in hunger.

*Rumble*.

「Woof.」

It seems Urushi's stomach was reacting to Fran's rumbling belly. His made an even louder sound.

Wait, didn't you two eat a ton during the celebration? Also, Fran in particular was eating curry until just a moment ago. I had given her a ton for her promotion celebration.

「The smell of Urushi's fur makes me hungry.」

『Urushi's fur?』

「W-Woof?」

Urushi sniffed his own fur as if to say, "Eh? Me?" Apparently, the smell of the curry that Fran had been eating settled in.

Well, I suppose Urushi ate a ton too. Either way, the tantalizing scent of curry spices reignited Fran's appetite.

『Curry's fine and all, but why not drop down and try something else for a change? Looks like some of the merchants set up makeshift stalls.』

It's pretty much a whole festival now.

Many people probably just wanted a reason to celebrate, but the trigger for all this was Fran's promotion. It wouldn't hurt to take a look around town.

「Nn.」

「Woof!」

We walked through the town with people calling out to us at every corner.

「Congratulations!」

「Cheers to the Black Lightning Princess!」

「Hooray! Hooray!」

「Her wolf is super cool too!」

Everyone celebrated in their own way, but they all had smiles on their faces. Many handed us all sorts of food, so Fran's hands got filled up really quickly.

While also giving some of it to Urushi, Fran suddenly realized something.

「We should give some to Sibylla and Mimi too.」

『Oh, I see.』

None of them could leave the fort, so hearing the festival-like atmosphere all of a sudden would cause some confusion.

Fran bought alcohol and other provisions to deliver to the people from Raydoss. Of course, we asked Peridot in front of the fort for permission first.

She gave her approval on the basis that it was an important gesture of goodwill.

They gathered everyone in the courtyard and lined up some tables, so we brought out the food and drinks, turning it into a buffet-style meal.

「What's all this?」

「My celebration.」

「Huh? Your... celebration?」

「Nn. My celebration for reaching Rank A.」

『Fran! That makes it sound like you're throwing your own celebration party!』

However, Peridot quickly clarified the details. Everyone realized that Fran wanted to share the celebration with her friends from Raydoss.

Well, the villagers didn't fully grasp the significance, but they understood that something good had happened to Fran.

「Congrats!」

「Congratulations!」

「Onee-chan, congratulations!」

Everyone applauded and cheered. Sibylla and the others who knew about adventurer ranks were initially taken aback, but in the end, they offered their blessings too.

「Congratulations, though I have to admit I'm a little conflicted.」

「Me too, since her being Rank B until now was pretty much fraud.」

「Kyuo!」

「Nn.」

No matter how many times she heard it, the words of celebration were still music to her eyes. Fran nodded with a smile.
