---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1069"
permalink: Tenken/1069.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1069
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1069: Demons of the Prince and Princess</h2>

A blonde boy and girl were discussing something with serious expressions in the center of the square. They were Fran's friends, Prince Flut and Princess Satia.

Which made it very clear these demon knights worked for the Kingdom of Phyllius.

We also found the corpses of Raydoss soldiers piled up in a corner of the square. I assume Flut and his companions eliminated the Raydoss soldiers and recaptured the village... So now the question is why the demon knights tried to eliminate us too.

If Phyllius is still allied with Kranzel, I don't understand why they would want to kill Fran after she identified herself as an adventurer.

However, their actions make sense if Phyllius intended to take control of the village and incorporate it into their own territory.

『Fran. Don't jump out yet, okay?』

（Okay.）

We need a way to confirm their true intentions. Also, a way to deal with them if they turn out to be hostile. I'm especially concerned about Fran. Can she actually bring herself to fight the two?

In the first place, did we need to fight? Fran is an adventurer, not directly employed by the Kingdom of Kranzel. We aren't obligated to drive out invaders for the sake of the country.

Well, we might have to flee Kranzel in that case, but we can move our base of operations to the Beast Kingdom or whatever. That means we can also avoid getting caught up in the war. To tell the truth, that's starting to sound like a better option to me.

As I was thinking about our future course of action, Fran shivered. I immediately understood why.

『Demons, huh?』

（They both look strong.）

『Those are strongest demons we've ever seen at least.』

Two huge humanoid figures stood behind Flut and Satia, clearly demons.

Standing behind Flut was a 5-meter tall male figure with dragon-like wings. Much more human-like than the other demons we've seen so far. He had brown skin, white hair, and carried a huge black scythe.

Behind Satia was a female demon, also about 5 meters tall. She had no weapon, but her long hair was writhing as if it had a will of its own, with purple smoke billowing from the edges of her mouth.

Brown skin and white hair on both of them. Their eyes were hidden from view, completely covered by black leather blindfolds. They wore small bits of leather armor protecting their vitals, of similar design to their blindfolds. These two demons were clearly related to each other.

Now the question is, what are they attempting to do by invoking such powerful demons...?

「...Forgive me, but this is for the sake of my people.」

「I'm so sorry.」

Flut and Satia apologized and bowed their heads to the villagers. The looks on their faces indicated their grief.

Wait, is this gonna turn nasty?

Ignoring the villagers beginning to voice their anxieties, Flut declared their fate.

「Begin with the bandits. Bune, kill them!」

「Send them off, Ronowe.」

「UROOOGH!」

「FWOOOH!」

The dragon-winged demon Bune followed the order and swung down his scythe. Off went the heads of the bandits beneath him, followed quickly by the spray of blood from their necks.

Ronowe's attack was even more shocking. We watched in awe as her arms split apart into countless tentacles, which reached out at the bandits. Each was powerful enough to easily crush their skulls and end them instantly.

The villagers screamed and tried to escape, but the binds on their hands and feet prevented them from moving properly.

It all happened before we could react. Flut, Satia, what in the world are you two doing!?

「Next, Bune.」

「OOUGH!」

While I was still confused, Fran jumped out reflexively.

「I won't let you!」

After dashing out with incredible speed, Fran repelled Bune's swing aimed at a nearby child. The demon quickly swung down a second time at Fran, but she dodged and slammed a kick into his chestplate.

Even the giant demon couldn't take the kick standing, getting blown backwards several meters.

However, Fran's eyes were pointed elsewhere.

「Flut! Satia!」

「F-Fran...」

「Fran-san, why are you...?」

A reunion of the worst kind. The prince and princess were clearly shocked too.

「Why are you two here? And why are you doing this!?」

「...It's for the sake of our nation.」

「I'm... sorry.」

Perhaps due to Flut and Satia's confusion, the two demons also paused. But why would killing random villagers benefit their nation? And they went out of their way to send royalty to do such a dirty job?

Many people had been captured within the town square, and everyone looked like ordinary villagers to me.

Upon closer inspection, I found something placed around the area where Flut and Satia were standing, seemingly a large magic stone. I tried appraising it, but got no additional details...

Before we could ask further questions, the other person there interrupted us.

「Your Highnesses! Now is not the time for chatter!」

「B-But...」

「We owe Fran-san our lives!」

The adult demon knight shouted at Flut and Satia. Though the two made an attempt to argue back, the demon knight simply shouted again over their words.

「Do not abandon your people, this is your duty as royalty! This village will perish either way, so we must focus on what we can to protect our country!」

「!」

「...」

Flut and Satia's faces filled with determination. They had resolved themselves, unfortunately for us.



