---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1036"
permalink: Tenken/1036.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1036
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1036: On the Beast King's Level?</h2>

『But I'm not the only one growing, right? Fran and Urushi, you guys got a level too.』

（Whoa!）

（Woof!）

 After a fierce battle against such a mighty enemy, you might think a single level was a bit anticlimactic. But Fran's level was in the 70s, and she managed to level up while participating in a huge army.

 The giant antidemon alone must have been worth tens of thousands lower/middle class antidemons, or even hundreds of thousands.

 In fact, I overheard some of the other adventurers talking, and there were quite a few who gained over 10 levels.

 It seems Fran will need an immense amount of experience to level up in the future. Besides, the quality of our enemies might become more important.

 Killing your average goblin is a drop in a bucket now. Maybe such a weakling wouldn't even give us experience anymore.

 We may have to place more importance on improving our skills rather than our level. Now that I think about it, Fran gained a lot of things besides levels.

 Most importantly the Beast-Bug God's Blessing, but also multiple skills: Fear Resistance, Persistence, Sleep Resistance, Regeneration, Fortitude, among others. All of these should be difficult to acquire in a short period of time, outside of an extraordinary situation like this one.

 This wasn't completely due to our battles on this continent. Fran's been constantly fighting ever since she met me. Everything contributed to the growth of her skills.

 She also got skills from these experiences: Farsight, Kick Mastery, Morale Boost, and Sense of Balance. Her Blink skill reached max level, evolving into the high tier skill, Blink Step. Her speed was only getting faster.

 The boost in stats wasn't as big as when she leveled from 69 to 70. Her last level up was probably due to the bonuses from realizing Divine Beast Form as well as reaching a good breaking point.

 However, she still got +100 to HP and MP. She even got +70 to AGI, pushing the number over 1000.

 All of her other stats increased by about 30~40.

 Like I expected, stat growths get boosted tremendously at level 70. Though as a result, raising your level becomes incredibly difficult.

 In addition, she also obtained a title: "Descendant of the Divine Beasts".

 The description said it's a title given to those capable of sensing the divine beast blood flowing through their veins. Maybe she manifested this title by borrowing the power of the Beast-Bug God's Blessing, and thus manipulating the divine attribute?

 The effect was rather vague, something about her instincts as a divine beast becoming stronger. I don't get it at all, but it might be some requirement for attaining Divine Beast Form.

 That said, shouldn't the Beast King obviously have this title too? Yet when I looked at his stats before, I couldn't find anything like it. I guess my appraisal was unable to identify some higher level skills and titles like these.

 That means many of the people we've met in the past may have important skills or titles that I missed. Maybe I'd be able to see them as I am now?

 Urushi also reached level 71, and he got higher stat boosts than Fran. I think that's a characteristic of magic beasts. His HP alone rose by like +250.

 However, the growth of his skills wasn't that impressive compared to his stats. Unlike people, beasts don't learn skills as quickly.

 Makes sense. If they outpaced people in both skills and stats, the human races would've gone extinct ages ago.

 Urushi did gain the skills of Transport and Fortitude though. Transport was probably from carrying so many people. Fortitude should be for experiencing so many fierce battles, the same as Fran.

『Either way, you're both already level 71.』

 That's the same level as the Beast King back when I first appraised him. The current Fran was pretty much even to him when it comes to stats. When compared to Amanda, Fran's stats completely outmatched her's. Maybe that's due to racial differences?

 No wait, there's the issue of me being unable to see the Beast King's title. Considering that, I can't say for sure if my previous appraisals were actually valid.

 Still, Fran was definitely one step closer to their world.

 The fact that we're closing in on them so fast was due to Fran's efforts. I admit that my abilities played a role too, but all of my power belongs to her.

 None of this would be possible without Fran giving her all.

 That said, I still have concerns. Namely, our skills.

 Fran may be on par with Beast King Rigdis (or his false appraisal?) in terms of stats, but numbers aren't everything.

 The bigger problem is that he has better skills than us, as well as completely outmatching us in terms of combat experience.

 Rigdis is a talented Spearking, an accomplished mage, and an experienced hero. Fran and I are nowhere near that. We'd easily lose if we tried to fight him head on.

 Should I praise Fran for reaching the Beast King's level? Or would it be better to warn her that we haven't gotten that far yet……?

（Master?）

『Oh uh, I was just thinking about how you two reached the same level as the Beast King.』

（Mrgh?）

 Fran frowned when I said that.

『What's wrong?』

（We're still way behind even if our level is the same. There's nothing to be happy about.）

（Woof.）

『No but, your stats are about the same too, right?』

（Even so. I can fight if I have you, Master, but I would never win on my own. My skills and experience are lacking.）

 It seems Fran reached the same conclusion as me. She looked frustrated.

（My level is high, yet my skills are still weak. I'm just like the nobles who got power leveled.）

『No way! That's not true at all! You're way better than those stupid nobles! The Beast King has decades of experience, so don't worry about him right now. We'll catch up one day.』

（Nn. I'll do my best.）

（Woof!）

（I'll try even harder!）

（Woof woof!）

 I was stupid for ever thinking Fran and Urushi would grow arrogant after becoming a little stronger. In fact, I should be more worried about them getting too ambitious and pushing their limits too hard.

---

**Author Notes**

Stats of Fran and Urushi:

<div class="appraisal" markdown="1">
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Appraisal Information</strong></p>

**Name:** Fran<br/>
**Age:** 13<br/>
**Race:** Beastkin / Black Cat / Black Heavenly Tiger<br/>
**Occupation:** Swordking<br/>
**Status:** Contract

**Stats**<br/>
&#160;LV: 70→71/99<br/>
&#160;HP: 1092→1238<br/>
&#160;MP: 1008→1166<br/>
STR: 591→632<br/>
VIT: 486→524<br/>
AGI: 945→1015<br/>
INT: 386→425<br/>
MAG: 698→751<br/>
DEX: 370→409<br/>

**Skills**<br/>
Sole Sense: Lv 5, Intimidation: Lv 8, Farsight: Lv 1, Stealth: Lv 8, Evasion: Lv 6, Fire Resistance: Lv 5, Wind Magic: Lv 7, Court Etiquette: Lv 4, Fear Resistance: Lv 2, Vigilance: Lv 5, Presence Detection: Lv 9, Sword Mastery: Lv Max, Holy Sword Mastery: Lv 4, Sword Arts: Lv Max, Holy Sword Arts: Lv 2, Regeneration: Lv 1, Morale Boost: Lv 1, Evil Resistance: Lv 7, Kicking Mastery: Lv 1, Blink: Lv Max, Blink Step: Lv 2, Silent Action: Lv 4, Sleep Resistance: Lv 1, Mental Resistance: Lv 4, Survival Technique: Lv 3, Spirit Magic: Lv 1, Elemental Sword: Lv 3, Ocean Resistance: Lv 1, Earth Resistance: Lv 2, Provocation: Lv 4, Intuition: Lv 6, Poison Resistance Lv4, Perseverance: Lv3, Fire Magic: Lv9, Physical Barrier: Lv6, Storm Resistance: Lv2, Paralysis Resistance: Lv2, Magic Sense: Lv5, Burn Resistance: Lv5, Thunder Magic: Lv8, Cooking: Lv3, Trap Disarming: Lv2, Trap Detection: Lv3<br/>
Undead Killer, Evil Killer, Insect Killer, Orc Killer, Energy Manipulation, Enhanced Sword Arts, Enhanced Sword Mastery, Goblin Killer, Mental Stability, Growth Boost, Demon Killer, Adept Skinner, Fortitude, Conviction, Split Thinking, Sense of Balance, Sense of Direction, Magic Manipulation, Night Vision

**Unique Skills**<br/>
Grace of the Sword God, Blessing of the Beast-Bug God

**Innate Skills**<br/>
Awakening, Sword God Transformation, Brilliant Lightning Rush

**Special Skills**<br/>
Blessing of the Black Heavenly Tiger

**Titles**<br/>
Undead Killer, Match for Thousands, Evil Killer, Insect Killer, Orc Killer, Big Game Hunter, Lord of Dismantling, Healer, Elemental Maste&zwj;r, Sword King, Goblin Killer, One Who Slaughters, Fiend Eradicator, March of the Valkyrie, Skill Collector, Skill Maniac, Dungeon Conqueror, Super Big Shot Devourer, Demon Killer, Earth Mage, Matchless Warrior, Fire Mage, Wind Mage, Monster Annihilator, Thunder Mage, Lord of Cooking, Descendant of the Divine Beasts

**Equipment**<br/>
Human Blade Master, Heavy Magisteel Sword<br/>
Black Heavenly Tiger Set (Names: Black Heavenly Tiger Armor, Black Heavenly Tiger Gloves, Black Heavenly Tiger Light Shoes, Black Heavenly Tiger Earring, Black Heavenly Tiger Mantle, Black Heavenly Belt), Bracelet of Super-Strength, Bracelet of Substitution, Necklace of the Magician, Bracelet of Concealment

</div><br/>

<div class="appraisal" markdown="1">
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Appraisal Information</strong></p>

**Name:** Urushi<br/>
**Race:** Ragnarok Wolf / Magical Wolf / Magical Beast<br/>
**Status:** Normal

**Stats**<br/>
&#160;LV: 70→71/99<br/>
&#160;HP: 1902→2152<br/>
&#160;MP: 1989→2189<br/>
STR: 1315→1415<br/>
VIT: 528→629<br/>
AGI: 1396→1599<br/>
INT: 375→405<br/>
MAG: 1466→1581<br/>
DEX: 294→315<br/>

**Skills**<br/>
Black Magic: Lv 8, Acute Smell: Lv Max, Transport: Lv 1, Shouting: Lv 4, Stealth: Lv 8, Super Strength: Lv 4, Shadow Shift: Lv 3, Shadow Lurk: Lv Max, Shadow Walk: Lv Max, Fang Arts: Lv 9, Fang Mastery: Lv 9, Air Hop: Lv 8, Berserk: Lv 7, Fear: Lv 7, Vigilance: Lv 8, Presence Concealment: Lv 6, Fast Regeneration: Lv 5, Hard Power: Lv Max, Regeneration: Lv Max, Death Poison Magic: Lv 4, Detect Evil: Lv 6, Evil Resistance: Lv 6, Blink: Lv Max, Blink Step: Lv 5, Silent Action: Lv 7, Status Resistance: Lv 6, Necromancy: Lv 6, Life Detection: Lv Max, Mental Resistance: Lv Max, Claw Arts: Lv 7, Claw Mastery: Lv 5, Poison Magic: Lv Max, Vigor: Lv 5, Echolocation: Lv Max, Roar: Lv Max, Magic Resistance: Lv 6, Magic Absorption: Lv 6, Nightshade: Lv Max, Dark Magic: Lv Max, Thunder Resistance: Lv 7, Dark Nullification, Night Vision, Royal Poison Fang, Fur Enhancement, Regeneration Obstruction, Auto-Healing, Greater Sizeshift, Poison Nullification, Fortitude, Split Thinking, Stampede, Magic Control

**Unique Skills**<br/>
Dark Absorption, Predatory Recovery

**Extra Skills**<br/>
Predatory Assimilation

**Unique Skills**<br/>
Dimension Fang, Kin Intimidation, Kin Aversion, Seal Nullification

**Titles**<br/>
Kin to the Sword, Kin to the Divine Wolf, Solitary Beast, Predator of Fiends, Inexhaustible Predator, One and Only

**Equipment**
Godsteel Claws, Wyrm Collar

</div><br/>

