---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1199"
permalink: Tenken/1199.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1199
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1199: Unrivaled Fran</h2>

The massacre continued.

Having seemingly mastered the usage of black lightning and wielding infinite amounts of mana and stamina, Fran slaughtered the superhuman soldiers.

She disappeared in the blink of an eye, obliterating superhuman soldiers with her sword strikes and martial arts, as the rush of black lightning in her wake vaporized more.

With such incredible maneuverability and precise magic even at long range, Fran's dominance now extended across the entire battlefield.

The occasional superhuman soldier managed to slip behind Fran. However, she simply impaled them with a spear of black lightning without even turning her head.

The sight reminded me of Izario and Ashwrath's Divine Sword Release state.

No one could so much as approach her, and her overwhelming power made it seem as if she was unbeatable. I think she's now comparable to the formidable enemies we've never been able to beat by ourselves, or even exceeding them.

「Uraaah!」

『Woooooah!』

An immense surge of power began flowing into me from Fran!

The divine energy within me was boosted by Fran's control, allowing me to enhance my spells even further.

I thought I had long since reached the ceiling for my magic, but it seems there was another level.

I invoked Ekato Keraunos to fire over a hundred bolts of lightning, and each struck an enemy without a single miss.

Upon casting Kanna Kamui, I was able to move the lightning to my will instead of sending it in a straight line. It looked like a thunderous wyrm rampaging throughout enemy lines.

The almighty power of our divine attribute started visibly reducing the number of superhuman soldiers coming at us.

Moreover, the enemy commander Bladehawk seemed to be panicking too. He had intended to exhaust us with the superhuman soldiers, so this sudden awakening of our dormant powers was completely unexpected.

Despite the superhuman soldiers absorbing power from their fallen comrades, they still stood no chance.

Bladehawk himself seemed to be boosted as well, but he was no different from the other rabble to the current Fran.

「T-This is ridiculous... Where is your power coming from...?!」

Bladehawk squawked in dismay, though I don't doubt he will be a formidable opponent. I aimed Ekato Keraunos and Kanna Kamui at him earlier, but he skillfully dodged, emerging unscathed.

He seemed to have used a skill for a burst of acceleration, allowing him to just barely evade at the last second.

Fran might be able to take him down for good if she attacked directly, but protecting the village was our current priority.

「Do your best!」

「Onee-chan!」

「Wolfie, nice one!」

「The bug people are doing good too!」

The children's excitement skyrocketed, resulting in louder cheers.

「We can do this!」

From there on, Fran was invincible.

We continued fighting at top gear for nearly 30 minutes, scattering wide-range attacks all the while.

Before we knew it, all of our enemies had vanished.

Having been released from the high speed battle, Fran paused and relaxed her shoulders.

「Phew...」

『I don't sense any more superhuman soldiers.』

Not only had Fran slaughtered countless numbers of them, many burned their life force to power their rampage, resulting in their own deaths.

The soldiers were gone. What remained was the scent of scorched air from the lightning, and a multitude of malformed corpses.

More importantly, there was also no sign of Bladehawk.

『He ran, huh.』

「Nn. But there's no helping it.」

「Arf.」

We prioritized defending the village this time, so we didn't send Urushi to chase down Bladehawk.

「Let's go back... to the village...」

『Fran!』

「W-Woof!」

「My body... won't move...」

Fran suddenly collapsed. I couldn't find any problems in her condition and health, but it seems her body refused to respond. Even if the blessing boosted her ability to handle the divine energy, the effects apparently don't last indefinitely. Well, it's only natural for that much power. Not even Rank S adventurers can get away scot-free.

『Urushi, let's carry her.』

「Woof.」

「Thanks...」

『Fran, rest for now. Leave the rest to us.』

「...Nn.」

We returned to the village with Fran on Urushi's back, seeing some of the half-insectkin walking with a stagger.

Their wings and antennae were torn, their horns and carapaces shattered. They were battered and covered with injuries all over.

Fran had missed quite a few of the superhuman soldiers before starting her rampage. The mercenaries likely had to guard the village from them all this time.

However, everyone was alive.

「Black Lightning Princess-dono...!」

「I-Is she okay?」

「Woof.」

They were worried about Fran, since she was lying limp on Urushi's back. I cast recovery magic on Quint and the others, making it seem that Fran used it.

「Black Lightning Princess-dono! But you're in such a terrible state yourself!」

「I'm... fine.」

「...Thank you.」

「Thanks!」

We managed to repel the enemy, but I doubt that's the last we've seen of them. There was no sign of that Windwolf guy either. I can only hope our efforts allowed us to secure a safe evacuation route...



