---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1223"
permalink: Tenken/1223.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1223
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1223: Rank A Celebration</h2>

「Well then, here's your new adventurer card.」

「Nn.」

Having returned to the guild with Gamudo from the lord's mansion, we promptly began the rank-up procedures.

That said, there wasn't much she needed to actually do aside from exchanging her card for the Rank A one.

Fran took the golden guild card, and stared at it intently.

Her gaze could barely contain her excitement.

『Congrats, Fran!』

「Woof woof!」

「Nn... I did it.」

Fran nodded with her eyes still fixated on the gold card.

While Fran may not care much about her own honor or reputation, she's always been particularly sensitive when it comes to those of the black cat race as a whole.

A member of the scorned and underestimated black cats just rose to become a Rank A adventurer. While Rank S adventurers do exist, Rank A is generally the highest level most people will ever see.

This is no small achievement.

As someone intent on improving the standing of black cats, Fran could take this as proof of her progress.

It seems she was deeply moved by this moment.

While Fran remained silent and solemn, Gamudo exclaimed loudly in a voice that could be heard throughout the guild.

「LISTEN UP, EVERYONE!!!」

The attention of everyone on the floor turned toward us. I even heard a loud crash echoing from the tavern, probably from someone startled by Gamudo's voice. Not really our fault, but sorry.

After confirming that the adventurers and staff had their eyes on us, Gamudo shouted again.

「Here with us is Fran, the Black Lightning Princess! She's the young, up-and-coming adventurer who recently won the Ulmutt Martial Arts Tournament!」

Gamudo pat Fran on the shoulder across the counter, ensuring that all of the adventurers knew her face. Most of the adventurers were already aware, but there seemed to be some newcomers who did not.

I saw those few whispering, and asking those nearby with surprise.

「Various branches have sent in applications for Fran's rank-up, which was accepted at headquarters the other day! In other words...」

Gamudo created a slight pause.

The adventurers, drawn in by Gamudo's words, waited for what came next without making a single noise.

An unexpected silence enveloped the area, despite the tavern being right next door.

「「「...」」」

「...We are here to witness the birth of a new Rank A adventurer! Rejoice! Celebrate! Raise your cups in a toast! It's all on the guild today! Drink to your heart's content! Drink the entire night!」

「「「  **UWOOOOOOOOOOOOOGH!!!**  」」」

The response to Gamudo's proclamation was a deafening cheer. Those who were already drinking clinked their cups together again, while those who weren't rushed to order the most expensive ones left. Everyone was celebrating with bright smiles.

I'm glad they're cheering, but...

『They clearly just want an excuse to drink.』

（But they're having a good time.）

『Well, I guess it's fine. Let's grab some food and drink too. Oh, but alcohol is still a no-go!』

（...Nn.）

Don't you give me a disappointed nod.

Fran headed to the tavern alongside Urushi, and the adventurers cheered with great enthusiasm. It almost felt like the entire building was shaking from the noise.

Various people sent us their blessings.

「A toast to the new Rank A adventurer!」

「Congrats!」

「Congratulations, and cheers!」

「S-So cute! I wonder if she'd marry me!」

「UWOOOGH! UWOOOOOOOOOGH!!!」

Oi! I heard one of you talking about marriage! I've got my eye on you! Also, how is that guy okay after screaming so hard? Even Fran seemed a little taken aback.

So they weren't just happy about the free drinks. Anyone could tell from one look at their faces.

Everyone was genuinely celebrating from the bottom of their hearts, without a trace of jealousy. Somehow, I understood that.

I think the jealousy only applies up until Rank B, since that's the highest rank a normal person can strive for. But Rank A is a bit different.

Rank A adventurers require something extra, whether it's talent, luck, or a special ability. An ordinary person can't climb that far based on hard work alone. I'd say Rank B is for true professionals, while Rank A is for those professionals who have mastered their talents.

Once you've gone that far, people can't even feel jealous anymore. Their understanding changes from "I can reach your level if I work hard enough" to "I simply can't compare". They have no choice but to acknowledge your abilities. Getting to Rank S is a different story though, since those guys are practically not human anymore.

The celebration continued for some time after. Moreover, it wasn't just adventurers participating.

First, the merchants arrived. They had heard from Gamudo in advance, so they probably knew about the festivities taking place.

Carriages from trading companies known even outside the countries lined the streets, and each generously brought barrels of alcohol as gifts.

At the same time, the bigwigs of each trading company joined in the festivities, raising a toast with the adventurers. Their arms were wrapped around each other's shoulders.

Naturally, this commotion reached the townspeople as well. After all, the festive atmosphere extended outside the guild building.

The surrounding residents came to see what was happening, and brought gifts when they heard the explanation from the adventurers.

The circle gradually expanded, and it didn't take much time for the entire town to be engulfed in a celebratory mood.

Fran was already a well-known adventurer in Bulbora, as the culinary missionary who popularized curry, and the little hero who saved the town in its time of need. And she had now become a Rank A adventurer.

After a series of incidents, the townspeople finally found the ray of hope they were looking for. No wonder they wanted to join in the celebrations.

Cheerful laughter and blessings for Fran's rank-up rang out all over Bulbora, overwriting the city's previously downcast atmosphere.

Amidst this festive mood, Fran was quietly enjoying her curry on the roof of the guild.

The air was filled with voices of celebration. I think I heard some faint musical notes from a minstrel's performance too.

「Nom nom.」

『Is it good?』

「Nn. Somehow, it tastes even better than usual.」

『I see. That's great.』

「Nn.」



