---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1169"
permalink: Tenken/1169.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1169
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1169: Hell's Influence</h2>

Fran muttered with a sorrowful expression that Persona was crying. She seemed to be sensing something I was unable to sense.

「Master! Go to Maleficent!」

『Eh? You want me to get closer? But you just said to move away a bit earlier.』

「Woof woof!」

Urushi barked in agreement with me, attempting to persuade Fran to stay back.

The current Maleficent was clearly consumed by wrath. Who knows what might happen if we approach him while he's like this.

However, Fran refused to back down.

「Even so!」

I'm pretty sure he'll turn on us at the slightest provocation... but Fran's eyes reflected her determination.

「Master, please! I have to talk to them!」

『Just talking, right?』

「Nn!」

『F-Fine, we can do it.』

Prompted by Fran's desperation, I headed closer to Maleficent. Furthermore, I opened a Dimension Gate, allowing her to transmit her voice to him.

『Fran!』

「Nn. Maleficent! Stop this!」

There was no response from Maleficent, but he looked our way. That much was clear.

Shit, he's directing an intense amount of killing intent at us! Maybe we shouldn't have bothered him after all!

Yet despite feeling the divine sword wielder's wrath on her skin, Fran did not flinch.

「You're making Persona sad!」

「!」

As soon as Fran shouted those words, Maleficent froze.

It only took a moment.

The black tsunami vanished into thin air, and Maleficent's wrath subsided instantly.

「Sorry... Forgive me, Persona.」

「...」

Maleficent's tone returned to normal. Like I thought, Persona meant everything to this man.

Persona lightly shook her head and hugged her arms around Maleficent's neck.

『Wow, you really did understand what Persona was thinking.』

（I somehow got the feeling that she was crying.）

『I see.』

（Nn.）

Perhaps Persona had sought help from Fran in some manner? I don't really get it, but Fran and Maleficent both seemed to understand her intentions.

In any case, the massacre has come to an end. I don't know how many people died, but he certainly left deep scars on the nation of Raydoss.

We slowly approached the two, and Maleficent was no longer glaring at us.

「Black Lightning Princess-dono, thank you for stopping me. I seem to have lost myself in anger for a moment.」

「Persona, are you okay?」

「...」

Persona nodded with traces of tears on her cheeks.

「Persona, there's no need for you to cry. I may have gotten a bit ahead of myself, but this is no longer my country. Also, those from Raydoss got exactly what they deserved.」

「...」

Persona gave a weak nod.

It seems she had been crying for Maleficent's feelings, as well as mourning the dead on the Raydoss side.

The question is, how much of Maleficent's actions align with Persona's wishes?

I think Persona could have ended Maleficent's rampage if she ordered him to stop. Yet, despite her distress and tears, she allowed Maleficent to continue as he pleased. It would appear that she isn't restricting his actions at first glance.

That said, there can be no doubt that Persona's abilities and Eternal Loyalty had an effect on him. Her desires must be mixed into Maleficent's actions to a degree.

Is it possible that, deep down, Persona wants this kind of slaughter? Then Maleficent is unconsciously picking up on her beliefs and acting accordingly? Or is Persona truly doing nothing, and Maleficent's rampages were the result of him satisfying his own desires under the guise of helping Persona?

I just don't know. From my point of view, the bond between these two was incredibly distorted and unstable. Yet at the same time, Fran said that we're similar to them.

Maybe I should be more careful. I can't let us turn out like them. However, that's not something I should bring up here. I decided to ask about something else that was bothering me.

『...Hey, I have something I want to ask.』

「Oh? Is this coming from the sword?」

『Yeah. I'm the Intelligence Weapon, Master. Fran's partner.』

「...!」

「Nice to meet you.」

Persona waved her hand with a smile. It seems she's delighted to meet a rare existence like me. I'm glad if I managed to alleviate her grief even a little.

『You knew of my existence, so why didn't you ask Fran about me?』

「Persona said we shouldn't pry into such an important secret.」

「...」

Persona nodded in response to Maleficent's words. It seems she was being considerate.

『Another thing, will that blackened area remain like that forever?』

「Oh no, of course not forever.」

I see. That only makes sense. Even a divine sword's power shouldn't last an eternity.

「I went all out for the curse this time, so it should take three years until creatures can live there again. Maybe around ten years for the effects to disappear completely.」

That's pretty damn long!

But wait, I've heard that the place where Hell was used in the distant past is still barren to this day. How can ten years be the maximum?

『What about that place in the Chrome Continent that's supposed still barren? How did that happen?』

「Well, why do you think?」

Maleficent dodged my question. I got the hint, Persona was probably involved in that.

It's only natural if she harbors deep resentment against the country that abused her. Perhaps Persona's powers are capable of solidifying the scars of calamity created by Maleficent.

No wait, considering Maleficent refusal to answer, maybe Persona was doing this unconsciously.

Persona herself might not have complete control of her powers.
