---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1210"
permalink: Tenken/1210.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1210
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1210: Black Lightning Heavenly Judgment</h2>

Fran's divine energy mixed together with the evil energy I had drawn out.

Due to the Evil God's Trust, or so it seemed, the two powers merged astonishingly smoothly into a new existence.

A sinister divine aura entwined with both black and white. This closely resembled the aura of the Evil God I saw up close, though the Beast-Bug God stopped me from drawing on it back then.

The vast amount of evil-divine energy generated didn't seem like something fit for mortal hands.

After all, it had inherited the nature of evil energy. Or rather, the power to control and drive others insane was enhanced upon its ascension into evil-divine energy.

Only someone from Earth like me could handle this power.

Or so it should have been...

「Haaaaah!」

『Fran, are you really okay?』

「Nn!」

I usually infused evil energy into Fran techniques on the spot, but now she was actively controlling it on her own.

Thanks to her obtaining Divine Energy Manipulation, or perhaps due to the Evil God's Trust, the Evil God Fragment seemed to be protecting Fran. Additionally, Announcer-san played a significant role in sharing the burden.

In any case, Fran seemed to be acting as usual.

The evil-divine energy transformed into black lightning and gathered around me under Fran's guidance.

The ultimate technique of Black Heavenly Tigers, "Black Lightning Divine Claw", was a deadly move that envelops the user's weapon in compressed black lightning and the divine attribute. She had only just learned to control it on her own, and yet...

『Kuh! T-The pressure is incredible...』

（Master, are you alright?）

『Yeah, no problem! Don't underestimate me! In fact, feel free to put in more!』

（Got it.）

Fran created a blade of black lightning longer than I had ever seen before. It grew and grew, until it was no longer the size of a simple weapon anymore.

It reached a length of nearly 20 meters, and was about a meter thick at its widest. That's bigger than my anti-battleship mode.

And the entire blade was made of hyper compressed black lightning.

This alone made it frighteningly clear how powerful evil-divine energy was.

「Let's go!」

『Yeah!』

Facing the approaching tornado, Fran unleashed a horizontal Heavenly Judgment.

She could now use Heavenly Judgment in ways other than a simple downward swing.

We've used the combination between Black Lightning Divine Claw and Heavenly Judgment in the past. Excluding Sword God Transformation and Potential Release, this was Fran's strongest possible attack.

However, our current slash far surpassed anything we could have done before.

After all, it was an evil-divine energy-infused Black Lightning Divine Claw combined with a Heavenly Judgment containing as much power as when we use Sword God Transformation.

Each of them alone was astonishing, but combining them was a testament to just how much Fran had grown.

「Teyaaaah!」

This new combination strike, let's call it Black Lightning Heavenly Judgment for now, effortlessly blew away two of the massive tornadoes in a single swing.

Such overwhelming power. But there were still three tornadoes remaining. Well, not like Fran's finished yet!

Fran dashed ahead and brandished her massive sword of black lightning again.

However, Windwolf and Bladehawk's tornadoes weren't about to be erased so easily. They unleashed all of their stored power once we forcibly dispelled them.

The destroyed tornadoes exploded with a tremendous blast of wind, scattering the sword-like feathers in all directions.

Fran could not possibly dodge this after her all-out attack. Or rather, she had no intention of dodging.

（Master!）

『Yeah! Leave it to me!』

She believed I would protect her, as always. And I must respond to that trust.

That said, simply strengthening our barrier wouldn't be enough to defend against all of it. The sword-feathers were cloaked in mana, giving each sharpness equivalent to an enchanted sword.

Our mana capacity wasn't enough to block them head on.

I utilized all my sensing and perception abilities to mark the feathers' positions, especially the ones on course for a direct hit.

Then, I thickened our barrier specifically in those areas to deflect them. This worked perfectly for any feathers aimed at Fran's limbs, since angled barriers minimized the amount of mana I had to use.

For those that I couldn't deflect, I repelled them with telekinesis.

『Uroooooh!』

This endeavor pushed my processing abilities to an unbelievable extent. Yet I didn't feel any chills or pain, so I had yet to reach my limit.

Amazing. This evil-divine energy had terrifying power.

Thus, Fran had braved the storm of sword-feathers without taking any damage.

（Master, so cool!）

『Haha! Alright Fran, let's obliterate the remaining ones too!』

（Nn!）

Fran unleashed her Black Lightning Heavenly Judgment once again, though it seems she couldn't maintain it any longer afterwards, as it immediately disappeared.

However, she had already succeeded in blowing away the remaining three tornadoes by then.

We found ourselves within another burst of sword-feathers, but we escaped via teleportation this time.

「Hah... Hah... We did it...」

『Fran, no need to talk. Rest up for a bit.』

Even if Fran was getting the hang of divine energy, this definitely pushed her to the limit. She was sweating profusely and breathing heavily.

Nevertheless, a satisfied smile adorned her face.



