---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 992"
permalink: Tenken/0992.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 992
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>992: Trismegistus' Interest</h2>

「Hmm? Now that you mention it, Georg brought Tilanaria and another girl along with him. If that is who are you referring to, they are indeed here.」

「...!」

 Trismegistus' words made Frederick absolutely furious. Fran felt the same way.

 But why did he tell us the truth so casually? If Trismegistus is seriously allied with Dragon King Georg, he should know that both Frederick and Izario will turn on him.

 I highly doubt he's too stupid to understand the danger of that…… Or did he have such confidence in his abilities that he didn't need to care about making enemies?

 As we all gave the man suspicious glares, Frederick questioned him in a tone containing his barely suppressed anger.

「Are you in league with the Dragon King?」

 Frederick was currently mentally unstable due to the increased influence of his evil dragonkin blood. No doubt he would jump right at Trismegistus depending on his answer.

 As Frederick's anger ticked down like a time bomb, Trismegistus did not waver, even a little. He simply opened his mouth and spoke in his usual manner.

「In league with him? Never.」

「Really? Do you know how bad he is?」

「Having become the grand sinner, I care little for the crimes of others. I have no interest in the outside world in the first place. Be they villains or heroes, saints or sinners, the difference means nothing to me.」

「He may be plotting something in your castle.」

「You outsiders created those arbitrary rules on who may enter my castle. I have never refused entry to anyone, nor chased any who depart. All of you may do as you please. Whether you perform evil or good, I shall not condemn any of it.」

 I used Principle of Falsehoods during Fran's questions, but Trismegistus' words did not contain even the slightest lie. It seems this man truly had no interest in other people.

 As long as we didn't get in his way, we really could do whatever we wanted in his castle. I'm starting to see it now, a glimpse of his monstrous nature.

「However, It pleases me to see the arrival of more persons of strength on this continent. Crimson Blade, you are unlike the others.」

 The man who claimed to have no interest in others came all the way out here to greet the second division. It seems the reason for that lies with Izario.

 Trismegistus' mission was the destruction of the Abyss Eater. The only ones capable of grabbing his interest were those strong enough to assist him in accomplishing this mission.

「As for the rest…… Perhaps the brother to the priestess and this girl will eventually reach that level eventually? Keep up your training.」

 I guess he only notices those at the level of Rank A adventurers or higher. Though I don't know if him noticing us is actually a good thing or not.

 We're actually here to talk about his Intelligence Weapon, so I guess it serves a purpose.

『Fran. We'll have to talk to him later, now's not a good time.』

「Nn…… I have business with you. When things calm down, I'd like to talk.」

「Hoh? I would not mind speaking with someone of your caliber.」

「Nn!」

「Oh yeah, you did say you wanted to talk to this guy. Well, we'll have to chase down the Dragon King first.」

「I know.」

 Velmeria and the Dragon King were our top priority right now. Fran was fully aware of that.

「Trismegistus-san, are the Dragon King and the others still in the castle?」

「I believe they took the priestess and headed underground.」

「Oh come on…… By underground, you mean the Core Room?」

「No! He took Velmeria there!? What the hell is Georg thinking!?」

 We did hear about the Abyss Eater's core being under the castle. It seems that's where the Dragon King headed.

 The person who might be able to control antidemons was trying to make contact with the Abyss Eater's core? I have a bad feeling about this.

「It is about time for my daily extermination. If you wish to accompany me, you are free to do so.」

「We'll take you up on that offer.」

 However, we couldn't just chase after them with the rest of our unit. The Core Room was apparently a place where incredibly powerful antidemons spawned, so bringing the entire army would slow us down.

 Meanwhile, Trismegistus was forced by divine punishment to keep chipping away at the Abyss Eater.

 He must slay all the high-level antidemons spawning in the underground area, bleeding away his life all the while. Then, he strikes the Abyss Eater's core with what remains of his mana. The divine punishment forces him to repeat this process day after day, for the rest of eternity.

「We'll go with three: me, the little lady, and Frederick.」

「Okay.」

 Izario must be considering releasing his divine sword. Bringing such a large force to the cramped underground area would only make things difficult for him.

 The remaining members seemed to understand this as well, nodding their heads with looks of frustration.

 Trismegistus confidently led the way as we stepped into the castle. He walked straight through the corridors without ever turning back to us.

 There were various furnishings, even paintings hanging on the walls. All of them were maintained in perfect condition.

 Perhaps sensing Fran's doubts, Izario gave us a brief explanation.

「I've heard this castle is maintained by the power of the gods.」

「The gods are cleaning it?」

「Hahaha, more like they've frozen everything in time ever since the day of divine punishment. All of them are repaired if they ever get destroyed, though they can't pass through the barrier at the bottom of the hill.」

「Why?」

「Don't expect me to know what the gods were thinking. Well, the castle did have a tremendous amount of wealth in it. The dragonkin were pretty screwed after realizing they couldn't bring any of it outside.」

 Does that mean the gods intended to confiscate those treasures from Trismegistus and his followers?

 So the magnificent castle remains forever in this beautiful state, containing mountains of treasure that can never be claimed. Maybe it's supposed to serve as the living symbol of Trismegistus' mortal sin, as well as warning others against greed.

「This way.」

 Trismegistus led us to our destination, the throne room.

 The room could hold several hundred people, yet it only contained four. Such spaciousness only made it feel more deserted.

 Trismegistus approached the throne. However, instead of sitting on it, he took up the sword placed on the stand beside it.

 It was a silvery-white falchion with graceful curves. A magical sword both robust and mesmerizing, instantly recognizable as a work of art.

 Could that sword possibly be…?

 Trismegistus grabbed the sheatheless falchion and whispered something.

「It is time for today's atonement. We go together, Fannabelta.」


