---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1218"
permalink: Tenken/1218.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1218
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1218: Madred</h2>

We decided to take a break before heading out.

Thus, we needed to help everyone recover their strength in a short period of time. The villagers were in especially poor condition.

Everyone was seated haphazardly on the ground, so Fran walked around heading out cups of water and plates of curry.

Thankfully, we had some leftover utensils from when we ran the food stall in Bulbora.

Fran also applied some healing magic to treat foot blisters and other such injuries. Most villagers had some sort of discomfort after walking so long, regardless of age.

「Thank you, Onee-chan!」

「This smells delicious!」

「We're very grateful.」

The villagers thanked her with smiles. I'm impressed that they were able to remain calm in a situation like this. Maybe that's thanks to how all citizens of Raydoss receive training on how to fight magical beasts in case of emergency.

Afterward, Fran distributed curry to the Red Knights as well.

There's always the possibility that we will become enemies in the future, but Fran definitely viewed them as allies at the moment. Despite our difference in position, we shared a goal in protecting the villagers.

The Red Knights all expressed their gratitude, but none of them started eating. Rather than suspecting poison or other tricks, it seems they've become accustomed to waiting for permission before eating.

At least until Sibylla gives the go-ahead. To put it bluntly, they seemed like large dogs waiting for their owner's go sign.

As the other Red Knights simply sat there, Klikka was the first to actually taste the curry. A few seconds later, the rest began eating the curry simultaneously.

The Dusk Rain Knights followed suit.

「Klikka is the poison tester?」

「I'll apologize if you find it rude. This is just the usual procedure.」

「It's fine.」

Yeah, it's not like they were suspecting Fran of anything in particular.

「Klikka has a keen nose and sharp taste buds, so she pretty much always goes first. Waiting for her has become a bit of a habit.」

「But Sibylla, wouldn't you be better for poison since it doesn't affect you?」

「Hahaha! Unfortunately, poison has such a little effect that I can hardly tell at times.」

It seems her resistance sometimes causes her to mistake poison for unorthodox seasonings. Paralyzing toxins and super-hot chili peppers end up being different kinds of spices.

Though a majority of the Red Knights enjoyed the curry, there was one young man who looked different: Captain Madred of the Dusk Rain Knights.

This was our first time seeing his face without the goggles covering it, and he was so handsome that I almost felt jealous. His appearance was somewhat androgynous, but the aura he exuded as a warrior added a wild charm. There's absolutely no chance he's unpopular with women.

Fran began staring intently at Madred. Could it be...!? Fran, the girl with zero interest in men, has been captivated!?

However, it appears Fran was staring at Madred's hands rather than his face. The movement of his spoon had stopped, so she wondered why he was not eating the curry.

Fran herself never stops eating once she starts, so pausing in the middle of a bowl of curry was unthinkable to her. Perhaps she thought Madred was feeling unwell.

「Are you okay?」

「Yeah...」

Madred gave a vague answer, putting on a bit of a conflicted expression.

He had been forced to rely on Fran despite still viewing her with hostility. Perhaps he found this situation hard to accept. Meanwhile, Sibylla approached us.

「Madred, are you feeling bad anywhere? Your movements looked sluggish even before the teleportation.」

「...Right, I felt my body getting sluggish in the middle of the battle. Not only that, but my consciousness was beginning to fade away...」

Sounds like the symptoms of severe heat stroke, but that's impossible. The warriors of this world have high stats, so they would be able to resist such abnormalities.

「Some sort of curse?」

Fran voiced exactly what I was thinking, but it seems Madred had a different idea. He glanced briefly at Fran, before going silent.

This is probably related to Raydoss's national secrets or something of the sort. In response, Sibylla casually mentioned it.

「...The East Conquest Duke's relic.」

「Sibylla-san!」

「We're after the East Conquest Duke's neck either way, so it's best if she knows. Fran fallen under his control would be a disaster.」

「Control?」

That doesn't sound good.

「The East Conquest Duke's relic apparently has the ability to manipulate people.」

「But we were aware of that, so I thoroughly investigated to make sure he was not nearby.」

Apparently, Madred was watching out for this relic.

「Does this mean he increased the range somehow?」

「Is the range supposed to short?」

「Should be 30 meters at max.」

Not particularly short, but we can easily detect any presences within that range. Madred can probably do the same, since his senses seem to be exceptional.

The only enemies on that battlefield were Laranflura and the duke zombies. Did the South Conquest Duke zombies have access to the East Conquest Duke's relic? No way, there should be way more people getting controlled if that's true.

「Well, we're strong enough to resist, so there shouldn't much issue...」

「But not Madred?」

「...Because I hate you. I simply can't hold back my murderous intent. They must have taken advantage of that. Those with an unsteady mental state become more susceptible to the relic's control.」

It seems the captain of the Cardinal Flag Knights saved Madred's life when he was a child, then entered him into the division to do various odd jobs and chores. However, he was transferred to the Dusk Rain Knights once they realized his talent with the bow.

「I still remember him crying tears of joy for me during the transfer. That man was the closest thing I had to parent.」

「...」

Then Fran killed Rob. Deaths are only natural in a war, but the related parties won't accept that excuse so easily.

And Fran won't apologize for her actions, because she regrets nothing. Killing Rob allowed her to save many of her own allies.

At the same time, it's only natural for Madred to hold a grudge against the killer. I understand that feeling. Fran could only stare back at Madred, and nothing more.

Or rather, there might be something we can do.

「I have the Cardinal Flag Captain's remains in storage.」

「Huh?」

「I'll give them to you when things settle down.」

「...I see.」

「...Nn.」

A subtle tension filled the air between Madred and Fran. I still felt a strong sense of hostility, and it's hard to tell what he's thinking from his expression.

However, the killing intent he directed at Fran seemed to weaken by a tiny amount.



