---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 943"
permalink: Tenken/0943.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 943
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>943: Wielders of the Divine Swords</h2>

 After unleashing the power of Alpha, Adol plunged into the antidemon legion alone.

 One man against 100,000. Yet, those of us watching were not worried in the slightest.

 The holy knights showed no sign of heading out to support him, so he truly was all by himself.

 Maybe their only job was to clear the path until Adol activated Alpha? Oh, and cleaning up stragglers too.

 Besides, they'd only get caught up in the rampage if they got any closer to him. It would be difficult to offer much support.

 Clad in white mana, Adol unleashed a tsunami-like shockwave cleaving vast fields of antidemons with each swing of the blade.

 He managed to maximize the area of effect without reducing the output. Fran could also shoot shockwaves like that, but she wouldn't get anywhere close to Adol's range and power.

 Adol face showed no emotions as he continued reaping the antidemons. He had his usual gentleman-like expression up until activating Divine Sword Release, so the sudden loss of emotion seemed a bit weird to me.

 Instead of going for the commander immediately, Adol simply crushed the lesser antidemons as they came. Seeing as how he didn't leave any behind, it seems he plans to exterminate every last one by himself.

 There was no turning the table, no upheavals.

 The wielder of the divine sword simply applied his powers, and all his enemies were annihilated before him. We saw the same scene repeated until the very end.

「It's over.」

『Yeah…… It was pretty much watching the same scene on repeat.』

 The commander, who just got cleaved in two a few seconds ago, was no small fry. The current Fran without Divine Beast Form would have struggled against it.

 Not to say that we would have lost, but it would have taken a considerable amount of time even if we went all out.

 Yet Adol cut him down in the blink of an eye, just like any other antidemon.

 This divine sword was truly unbelievable, and it seems Adol had been raised to maximize its power.

 It might not be an exaggeration to say that Adol was the strongest man on the planet upon releasing his divine sword.

（I'd like to see him fight someone stronger.）

『Right, I'm interested in how he would fight antidemons on the same level as the ones in Sendia.』

（Nn.）

 Adol sheathed his blade. The white mana covering the region dissipated, and a silence fell over the plains.

 Including Adol, none of the holy knights shouted for joy or anything. They probably thought it would be disgraceful to make a commotion. Everyone knew of Adol and Alpha's powers, so this outcome was exactly as they expected.

『Now we know just how scary Alpha is.』

（Adol is strong too.）

『Yeah.』

 That's one of the top nations for you. Rather than simply handing the divine sword to the strongest person in the country, they instead train someone to become the strongest upon taking up the blade……

 This only makes me more curious about Berserk. It's said to have powers on par with Alpha's, but what about in reality?

 While I was thinking about this atop the walls, I noticed a figure approaching us. They didn't seem to be one of the adventurers.

 She was a pretty young girl with reddish-purple hair tied into twin-tails, who looked a little older than Fran. Moreover, her outfit was nothing like the average adventurer.

 She wore a mainly black gothic lolita-style dress. Not dress armor, but an full-blown dress, with a miniskirt-like bottom. Maybe it's made out of monster materials, but it certainly looks awful in terms of defense.

 I'm certain I would have remembered someone this conspicuous if I had seen them before.

 Her face was completely expressionless and I couldn't sense any hostility. She was clearly here to see Fran, but who could she be?

「……Who are you?」

「I am Ajisai, from Hagane.」

 Hagane? Could she have been in that carriage guarded by the soldiers? If so, this Ajisai girl is――

「……The divine sword holder?」

 I was thinking the same thing. There couldn't be very many people in the carriage. If anyone besides their commander Shikimi was in there, they were most likely the divine sword's wielder.

 Berserk, the most horrific divine sword. Upon activation, the wielder was said to go out of control and rampage until their certain death.

 Which meant the wielder was nothing more than a sacrifice to the blade. Was this young girl to be that sacrifice?

 Ajisai tilted her head in response to Fran's question. Her expressionless face and hard-to-read emotions reminded me of Fran.

「I wonder? Maybe so, maybe not.」

「?」

「Are you an adventurer?」

「Nn. I'm Fran, Rank B adventurer.」

「I see. You're――」

「Ajisai, I finally found you. We should get going.」

「Matsuyuki.」

 Another girl with a face similar to Ajisai's approached us. This new girl, Matsuyuki, seemed to be a bit older. I guess Ajisai was around 15 years old, with Matsuyuki being around 18?

 Her long, snow-white hair split into bangs at the left and right side of her face, with the rest of her hair flowing down the back of her head.

 She too, wore a black dress, except hers seemed a bit more mature with a longer skirt. Well, in the end it was still gothic lolita-style, with frills and everything.

 Unlike Ajisai, this girl smiled slightly. Yet for some reason, Ajisai's expressionless face still seemed more friendly than Matsuyuki's. Maybe because Matsuyuki's smile was so obviously fake.

「Is Matsuyuki your older sister?」

「Maybe so, maybe not.」

「That again?」

「It's the truth, so there's nothing I can do about it.」

 Ajisai shrugged lightly before turning around and leaving. What did she even want? Just to speak with Fran since they appeared to be like minds?

「See you later.」

「Yes.」

 Ajisai nodded at Fran's words. Again, the two seemed to have very similar expressions on their faces.

『So we still have no clue if those girls were really Berserk's wielders or not.』

 They seemed to have a decent amount of strength, on par with Diggins. But after seeing Adol, we learned that strength barely mattered for the wielders of a divine sword.

 I kinda hope I'm wrong though. I don't want to believe girls that young are being offered as sacrifices…… Then, Fran whispered in response to me.

「I'm sure she's the wielder.」

『What makes you say that?』

「I don't know.」

 As Fran stared at Ajisai's back, a faint tinge of sadness appeared in her eyes.



