---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1175"
permalink: Tenken/1175.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1175
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1175: Side - Adventurers and Soldiers</h2>

**Side - Former Delinquent Adventurers**

『DESTROY! DESTROY! **DESTROY**!』

Ever since inhaling that black mist-like substance, I began hearing screams in my head.

Who is it?

Dunno.

Despite the excruciating headache from the screams, I couldn't resist their words. I felt like I had to obey that sweet and domineering voice.

Destroy?

Yeah. I will destroy.

Or rather, I want to destroy. Destroy what? Everything! I want to break, ruin, and annihilate everything in front of me!

「OOOOUUUUUUUGH! DESTROY!」

Once I obeyed the voice, I found myself surging with power. Simply amazing. Let me savor this feeling.

Will I feel even better once everything is ruined? 

I must look for a target worthy of destruction...

There you are.

A child, a beautiful girl with black hair and cat ears. She's currently engaged with a massive blob, our master.

The girl's battle was like a dance.

Worthy of destruction. Yes, I must kill that girl who looks like the captain...

No wait, she doesn't simply look like the captain; she *is* our Captain. Her swordplay was so graceful, making her very worthy of killing. Huh? Why am I thinking about killing her? Actually, why do I want to destroy stuff in the first place? All of us together don't even stand a chance against her.

The captain's simply too amazing. Stern but also kind, not to mention strong. Plus, she never abandoned us, no matter how hopeless we were. She went out of her way to reeducate us.

I used to be a common thug. I always hated studying, and couldn't be bothered to find an honest job. My shenanigans eventually made me lose my place in the village... so I ran away to become an adventurer.

That said, being an adventurer wasn't all rainbows and sunshine either. My bad behavior prevented me from rising any higher than Rank D. I ended up spending my days as a vagabond, causing trouble in various towns before running to the next one. Joining the war wasn't for Kranzel, but because the pay was good, and I heard we could plunder our enemies for everything they had.

We found ourselves assigned to a transport unit for some reason, and that's where we met the Captain.

Those marches were hellishly tough.

At the time, I wondered what we did to deserve such torture, but now I'm grateful. It's thanks to her that we were able to change.

It's not just me. I'm sure every member of the transport unit is grateful.

『DESTROY!』

No! I owe the Captain, so there's no way I'm gonna kill her! And who the fuck are you?!

『DESTROY!』

「I said **NO**!」

Huh? The voice disappeared. What was that all about?

More importantly, what's wrong with everyone? Their eyes look vacant or something... I need to wake them up so we can back up the Captain!

「UROOOHH! CURRY!」

「Curry!」

「Captain! Curry!」

Hahaha! It seems there are some more members of that transport unit here!

<br/>

**Side - Kranzel Soldier**

『DESTROY!』

I set off, obeying the mysterious voice.

Destroy. Destroy. Destroy everything! Every single――

「Oi! Snap out of it!」

What? Who the hell is this guy? Oh right, that one weirdo from the adventurer squad? He has the strange habit of occasionally saying "curry" at the end of his sentences.

Why did he punch me?

Huh? Wait, where am I? My head suddenly feels clear. O-Ow! The cheek where I got hit is starting to sting!

「W-Why did you have to hit me?」

「You've finally come to your senses! Anyway, hurry up and start punching the other guys! Don't make any more trouble for the Captain!」

Captain? Oh, you mean that little black cat girl. I hear she's a Rank B adventurer, despite her size.

I don't doubt it. After all, I saw her fighting with my own eyes.

That kid's amazing. She's small, but strong and works hard. If she didn't save us on the battlefield, we might all be dead right now. Yet she's about the same age as my daughter...

If that girl is working her butt off, then we have to as well. As an adult, I can't just sit on my ass and leave everything to her.

「Oi! I still have no clue what's going on, but wake up!」

「Ugh!」

「D-Did I hit him too hard?」

「...Where am I?」

My colleague, whom I had just punched, blinked his eyes and took a look around.

Thank goodness, it seems he woke up. Apparently, the soldiers around here were being controlled by some strange power.

Must be because of that weird voice. But we can knock some sense into them with a strong enough impact.

「Oi! We were being controlled by some weird magic, and causing trouble for the black cat girl over there!」

「What!? I have to redeem myself!」

My colleague suddenly perked up when he saw her. He's always been a big fan of hers.

「So I should just wake them up by punching them, like you did to me?」

「Yeah! Don't bother holding back!」

「Gotcha!」

She actually has many fans among the soldiers due to being cute, strong, and yet, so earnest. Many of them flew into a rage when they heard she was once an illegal slave.

They'll surely come back to their senses once they see her again.

「Come on! Wake up!」



