---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1148"
permalink: Tenken/1148.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1148
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1148: Jean's Escort</h2>

Fran explained the history behind the Genocide Ghouls and that she could no longer take them with her.

Jean apparently understood her situation.

「I see! Indeed, even you might find it troublesome to bring around such powerful undead. Many find the mere thought of undead repulsive, yet these ghouls also contain deadly poisons!」

「Nn.」

Most towns would probably refuse entry to walking chemical weapons like them.

「So you cannot simply form an contract and dismiss them!」

He also immediately understood our issue with summon capacity.

「Fuhahaha! Say no more! Allow me, the great inquisitor of death, to take good care of them!」

「Thanks.」

「You need only leave everything to me!」

Great, the Genocide Ghouls should be able to shine under Jean. He's the kind of guy who might overwork his undead, but he would never make them do something they hate.

「Let us form the contract at once!」

「「「  Got it.  」」」

Jean voiced a long incantation involving a giant magic circle. It seems even a necromancer of his prowess requires such procedures to form a contract.

That said, the Genocide Ghouls immediately accepted the contract, so the spell disappeared almost right after it was completed.

The bodies of the ghouls began to glow, indicating the magical connection between them and Jean.

「Now then. I will be dismissing you for the moment, but I assure you will play a role in the coming battles against Raydoss!」

「Okay.」

「Priestess! Thank you!」

「Until next time!」

「Priestess!」

Each of the ghouls voiced their goodbyes as they disappeared into Jean's magic circle. It feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.

Fran seemed to feel relieved as well, nodding her head in satisfaction. She then went on to ask Jean something that was bothering her.

「Jean, was everything okay?」

「Woof?」

「Hmm? Regarding what?」

「About the guy targeting you!」

「Ah, you refer to the undead calling himself Nameless. He has never revealed himself in front of me.」

Apparently, Jean never even fought Nameless yet. Nameless the Mage Slayer is supposedly the first seat of the Black Skeleton Corps, created specifically to defeat Jean.

Shouldn't he have already made his move by now...?

「I am protected not only by my undead, but also my adventurer bodyguards. Perhaps that is why he never appeared.」

「I see.」

「In fact, I should take this chance to introduce you to the former Rank A adventurers acting as my bodyguards! Cysanth-dono and Dore-dono!」

Yeah, I was wondering about them too. They clearly looked strong.

「We've heard many rumors about the famed Black Lightning Princess. Nice to finally meet you!」

「Oh my, you're adorable.」

Jean introduced us to two elderly people, a man and a woman.

The man, Cysanth, had a hunched back which made him appear shorter than Fran. He greeted us by casually raising one hand, as he held a spear twice his size in the other as a walking stick.

He appeared to be a civit cat beastman, but unlike Fran, his head was completely animal-like. His hair was completely white, but I can't tell if that's due to aging or simply the normal color of his fur. The tone of his voice matched my impression of him as a playful old man.

On the other hand, the elderly woman Dore stood very tall. Her tied up hair was whitened by age, but it still shone with a lively luster.

Judging by her huge earrings and liberal use of make-up, she seems to be a lady who never gave up on beauty.

I easily recognized both as experts by the aura they radiated. Cysanth was clearly a spearman, but Dore did not seem to be carrying any weapons. She didn't look like a sorcerer either, so maybe she fights unarmed?

Either way, they seemed as strong as expected from former Rank A adventurers.

「Cysanth-dono is a spearmaster with the alias of "Tempest Spear". The name is due to his combo of thrusts packing the same power as a galestorm.」

「Hohoho, been a long time since anyone's called me that. As you can see, I'm just a pitiful old man now.」

Cysanth described himself very modestly, but everyone here could tell it was a bold-faced lie.

Of course, his bent back and declining physical strength due to age was apparent. Any combat veteran would notice a slight opening in his stance.

But that opening was a trap. He was putting up this facade on purpose to trick others into underestimating him. Even Fran and I might have trouble fighting him if we don't get serious. His age was merely one tool he integrated into his strategy.

You can never be too careful about these wily, older adventurers.

「Want a mock battle?」

「Huh?」

「A mock battle.」

「Hohohoh! No way, that would be way too tiring!」

「Mrgh.」

「What an interesting girl you are! I can only wonder how you managed to get those eyes at such a young age.」

Fran immediately stated her desire for a mock battle, though Cysanth refused. He's clearly not weak enough to get exhausted from a little practice match, so I bet he wants to avoid revealing his skills. I have to doubt if he's actually retired.

「Dore-dono has the alias "Dance Princess of Death". Her style of martial arts focuses on kicks, and the title is due to her combat style resembling a graceful dance.」

「Nice to meet you.」

「Nn.」

「Aw, I wish I had a granddaughter like you..」

Dore spoke in a slow, elegant tone. However, her flawless stance made her strength more readily apparent than Cysanth's.

It seems Cysanth is the type who prefers acting weak to lure his enemies into traps, while Dore instead flaunts her strength in the open.

「Want a mock battle?」

Now Fran is asking Dore too! Come on, we're in the middle of a war here!



