---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1211"
permalink: Tenken/1211.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1211
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1211: Balfon</h2>

『Now for the finishing touch! Hah! Laevateinn!』

Level 8 Flame Magic Laevateinn, a spell for generating a massive explosion. More powerful than Flare Explode, and easier to control than Megiddo Flame.

I had enough mana to cast a spell of this level multiple times, covering a wide area.

A raging inferno engulfed countless feathers, turning them into ash. However, that wasn't my main goal. I wanted to knock down all the feathers with the force of the explosions.

The shockwave of my explosions came in from the skies above, pushing almost all of the feathers into the ground. Just as planned.

Urushi skillfully intercepted any that I missed, resulting in zero harm to the villagers and Red Knights.

（Nice one, Master.）

『Thanks! We gotta save everyone or it'll leave a bad aftertaste.』

（Nn. But it's not over yet.）

Despite her fatigue, Fran glared at Windwolf and Bladehawk. She intended to keep them busy even if she lacked the energy to defeat them outright.

Perhaps that worked, as the two superhuman commanders remained completely still. The Red Knights defeated the remaining super soldiers, allowing us to claim victory without any casualties.

The Windwolf and Bladehawk simply floated in the air as they watched, almost as if they had no intention of going on the offensive again.

What are they doing? Waiting for other legion commanders to arrive or something?

It seems Sibylla was thinking the same thing. She hopped up the Great Wall and taunted the two, probably hoping to provoke them into a fight before they could escape.

「Your friends won't be coming to save you! Our collaborators are handling them as we speak!」

Upon hearing this, Fran asked for clarification.

「Collaborators? Like Neidhart?」

Her first thought upon thinking of Sibylla's friends was the mantis-headed mercenary, but Sibylla gave a different response.

「No, Dimitris.」

「Ah.」

Fran had a somewhat disappointed expression. She liked Neidhart for some reason, while she had a more unfavorable image for Dimitris, probably because he broke a promise with her.

Nevertheless, he was undoubtedly one of the strongest allies we could ask for.

「Well, not that I told him to do it. He decided to join the battle on his own.」

Wow, I could easily imagine that. Saving the weak was apparently something he had a huge interest in.

「That old geezer was pretty damn angry. Probably almost done wiping the floor with the other legion by now. He's the real monster.」

Even the formidable Sibylla described Dimitris as a monster? I wonder what kinds of trouble he's been causing in Raydoss.

Either way, we don't have to worry about the other superhuman legion if Dimitris is handling it. We can trust in the dude's strength, if nothing else about him.

However, Windwolf and Bladehawk showed no signs of panic when they heard Sibylla's taunt. They even seemed somewhat confident. Well, it's a bit hard to read their expressions after their grotesque transformations.

「Indeed, I can tell our compatriots have been completely wiped out, including Voidtongue and Redclaw! Only our Lordship, the Superhuman General remains!」

Voidtongue and Redclaw must be the names of the remaining legion commanders. Bladehawk knew that Dimitris annihilated his allies, yet his words contained no trace of despair.

In fact...

「Kwahaha! What an auspicious day! All the conditions have been met!」

「Grrrooooar!」

The two were rejoicing. Bladehawk's shout and Windwolf's roar contained nothing but pure, unadulterated joy.

「Well then, time to fulfill the final activation condition!」

「Gaooh!」

「What the...?!」

「!」

Sibylla and Fran were stunned.

Bladehawk plunged the greatsword on his left arm into Windwolf, as Windwolf's several heads tore into Bladehawk.

From the mana imbued into the attacks, it was clear that they contained lethal intent.

「The final lock has been released!」

「Wroooooooon!」

「Your Lordship! Our General! We offer you our blood, mana, and the land itself! Annihilate those who would bring our nation harm!」

The two roared one final time, before they crumbled away into nothingness.

「...Dammit.」

Biscot, or rather, the guy I thought to be Biscot, swore upon hearing Bladehawk's fanatical last words. He had a slightly different tone of voice, making him sound a bit older than Biscot.

Maybe he was Biscot's dad or something?

Everyone tensed up, and the situation took another dramatic turn.

Immediately after Windwolf and Bladehawk's disappearance, a pillar of light erupted from the spot directly below where they had been floating.

（Such a huge amount of mana...）

『Yeah, and all of it is coming from the ground.』

The surge of mana we felt was almost as imposing as when Weena Rhyn went all out. Moreover, it was as if the mana was getting violently sucked out of the ground into the pillar of light.

Isn't that pretty bad? The land surrounding the pillar is starting to dry up...

「Ora!」

Sibylla immediately recognized the danger and launched a bright red mana blast. However, this was dispelled by the mana geyser before it even came close to hitting its target.

Fran and the Red Knights cast their own spells a moment later, but with similar results. None of them had any effect whatsoever.

The pillar of light gradually weakened, and a person stepped out from the light.

This was a very charming young girl, at least in terms of appearance.

But the aura she emit was on an entirely different level.

「Bow down before me! For I am the Superhuman General, Laranflura!」



