---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1281"
permalink: Tenken/1281.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1281
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1281: Persona and Sierra</h2>

The Red Knights had returned to the heavens, leaving only Yuvel and Oldona behind. That said, those two must be completely spent after such an intense battle. I doubt they have much time left.

I'd love to treat them to a good meal and give them some time to heal up, but that seems like a pipe dream.

『There's a ton of evil energy gushing out from the direction of the capital.』

「Did the fragments revive?」

『I have to say it's only a matter of time at this rate.』

Considering how Laranflura dealt them a heavy blow at the end, we probably have her to thank for delaying their full revival.

『You haven't changed your mind about running?』

（Nn.）

That much was obvious. Fran would never run away and abandon so many people.

From my point of view as Fran's guardian, I still wanted her to escape before things get tough. Fighting an Evil God Fragment was simply too dangerous.

But as her partner, I had no doubt she would confront the Evil God Fragment head on.

If you ask me, Fran ignoring her values and running would make her no longer "Fran".

As usual, we reserve retreat for a last resort once victory is no longer possible. Fran has always given everything a first shot.

In which case, it's my job as her partner to support her wholeheartedly despite my worries.

『Then we head to the capital of Raydoss.』

「Nn.」

That said, can our friends even keep going? Fran and I may be pretty exhausted, but not to the point of incapacitation. We could rest up while on the move.

What about the others?

We went around asking everyone, but none of them backed down. Amanda, Jean, and Forrund were ready to fight in spite of their very visible fatigue.

「There's no way I can allow a fragment of the Evil God to run free. It will bring suffering to so many children.」

「Especially since Kranzel can't simply stand back and watch if an Evil God Fragment is resurrected in a neighboring country.」

「I can still fight.」

All of our friends turned to face the direction of the capital with determination in their hearts.

「Maleficent, what about you?」

「...I'll go, of course. The gods have commanded me to do so.」

As one of the three divine sword wielders on this continent, he had been commanded to strike down the Evil God. Apparently, a wielder turning their back on this mission runs the possibility of receiving divine punishment.

「However...」

He must be worried about Persona. The girl was still unconscious, so carrying her onto a battlefield was a bit...

「...I'll go too.」

Persona spoke, having woken up without anyone noticing. The spirit Marle, who had been accompanying her, was happily fluttering around.

「Persona, you're awake! And... your words...」

「I can talk now.」

With the loss of "Source of the Data God", Persona seems to have regained the ability to speak properly. She looked upwards at Maleficent and spoke for all of us to hear.

Well, I suppose it's not like she was actually mute. She had simply chosen not to speak.

But now, there was no need for that anymore. Despite losing an overwhelmingly powerful skill, Persona's expression was bright.

Maleficent also looked happy. For both of them, it seems to be a welcome change.

Persona removed her mask, revealing a childlike and beautiful face with a gentle smile.

「...Maleficent. Thank you.」

「Persona...!」

Persona tightened her grip on the hands holding Maleficent's clothes, and buried her face in her partner's neck. Maleficent gently stroke the girl's back.

Ironically, Persona might be the least exhausted out of all of us. Having lost Source of the Data God, her "White Sheet" ability that was the basis for her alias had also disappeared. Appraisal now works on her.

I can't say anything about that "damage to the soul" stuff, but her health and mana were pretty much full. The only issue I noticed was her being a bit tired due to having just woken up.

No disrespect intended, but her abilities were unexpected high. Despite losing the Source of the Data God, she had several high-level skills fitting for a Rank B mage.

「You no longer have Source of the Data God then?」

「Yeah. It's gone for good.」

It seems the skill vanished along with the destruction of the giant crystal. Though a powerful skill, it was too much for mortals to handle. This outcome was probably for the best.

Meanwhile, Sierra was sitting off to the side and staring blankly into space.

「Sierra? You okay?」

「...Yeah.」

He nodded, but his mind seemed to be somewhere else.

「But what now...?」

「Nn?」

「How do I live from now on?」

「?」

Sierra is not originally from this timeline, and his alternate self Romeo still exists. While he may have accomplished his goal of revenge, there was never any way for him to return.

He was starting to lose sight of his purpose for living in a world where he didn't belong in.

However, Fran simply tilted her head and responded casually. Her expression seemed to convey the feeling of, "Why are you asking such an obvious question?"

「Just do what you want.」

「...What I want?」

「Nn. Sierra, you can do whatever you want now.」

「...Whatever I want...」

Sierra seemed to ponder the words for a moment, before suddenly putting on a relieved smile.

「You're exactly right.」

「Nn.」

Fran also smiled faintly. The two seem to be much closer now.

「I guess our first order of business will be paying the Evil God a visit.」

「Nn!」
