---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1271"
permalink: Tenken/1271.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1271
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1271: Anger</h2>

A surge of mana overflowed from Laranflura's polearm.

This caused Fran to hold her head and crouch down on the spot. She shut her eyes and let out a small scream while enduring some sort of pain.

This wasn't just happening to Fran. All of our allies had fallen into a similar state, to varying degrees.

It seems Balfon's mana was more than just unpleasant. There was some sort of special effect mixed in.

I attempted to cure Fran with purification and restoration magic, but to little avail.

「...I won't... obey the likes of you!」

『Fran?』

Like I thought, Balfon was attempting to control us with his relic. We had heard that strong enough individuals should be able to resist the domination, but Fran's mental state must have wavered slightly after hearing about Laranflura's history.

Also, it seems like he was showing her nightmares rather than controlling her directly. Perhaps his relic has a vast array of mind-related abilities.

「Uwaaah! No!」

Fran fell to the ground, shaking her head vehemently. Her eyes were unfocused, as if clouded by a living nightmare.

The same applied to the others, as I saw Sierra in just as much disarray.

「Ugh... Please, stop! No... no!」

The jet-black sword clenched in Sierra's hand was trembling greatly. Zelos Reed must be trying to comfort Sierra.

However, the voice was clearly not reaching the boy.

Amanda seemed to be affected too, though she had yet to fall to the ground like Fran or Sierra.

「A nightmare filled with suffering children... How dare you show me something this disgusting...!」

She swung her arms, as if trying to shake off the nightmares.

Forrund's symptoms seemed to be on the lighter side, but that didn't mean he had enough composure to help us out. Suddenly, we heard Amanda scream again.

「Maleficent! No!」

「Urooooooogh!」

Uh-oh, Maleficent started moving! Moreover, he was clearly about to go on a rampage.

Even before Balfon's entrance, Maleficent's mind had been almost completely taken over by his demon.

Which means he might lack the mental stability to resist Balfon's relic...

「**GRAAAAAAAH!**」

「Tch! Why me!」

Did we get a lucky break? Maleficent enveloped himself in a red aura and dove right at Balfon.

「Guh... Perso...na...!」

「The masked girl is really that important to you? How aggravating!」

「Gwooooh!」

Maleficent was clearly looking at Persona. Perhaps he could recognize the girl even in that state?

Rather, she seemed to be the trigger that allowed him to regain control. Maleficent was clearly holding back his powers to avoid hurting Persona.

Did his "Eternal Loyalty" skill play a role in this outcome? Or maybe he managed to resist due to his years of experience playing a tug-of-war for control with his mental demons.

「Ugh... Mom, Dad... where are you?」

『Fran...! **Vishnu**!』

「Why... why aren't you here...? No! I don't wanna be a slave again...!」

If not even Vishnu works, then maybe it's not an abnormal status? More accurately, I think the effect of the relic is continuously active. Even if I heal Fran, she simply falls to the relic's mental interference again.

Upon seeing the tears flowing freely from Fran's eyes, I felt a tremendous surge of anger.

『How dare you...!』

The intense fury made me tremble. It only grew stronger and stronger.

『You... You're the one who hurt Fran...!』

Fran had overcome her past and started moving forward. And you think you can drag her back with nightmares and make her cry?

You won't get away with this!

『Unforgivable...!』

My field of vision was dyed red with anger. I knew in the corner of my mind that I was acting on emotion, but I could no longer stop myself.

〈――〉

Was Announcer-san saying something? I don't know. I can't hear anything.

But for some reason, I felt overflowing power! Why? It's as if all my anger was converting directly into power...

Whatever! Who cares where this power is coming from! I'll put it to good use by killing that fucker!

『UROOOOOOGH! Evil God Fragment! Lend me your power, everything that you have!』

「**!**」

『Hahahaha! I see! You're just as angry as me, right?!』

「**!**」

Now my evil energy was overflowing too! A more dense evil energy than I've ever seen before! Strangely, it felt perfectly compatible! I could control it with complete freedom!

But this isn't enough! Give me more!

『URAAAAAAH!』

Evil energy alone won't cut it! Give me more! Give me the power to tear this asshole apart!

Bring out all the mana! Bring out the divine energy!

「Awooooooooon!」

『Urushi! You're with me!』

『Grr!』

I see you're angry too! Good! Lend me your mana!

『GRAAAAAAAAAH!!!』

「GRRRRR!!」



