---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1302"
permalink: Tenken/1302.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1302
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1302: Master</h2>

Not a single person fled from the battlefield.

Everyone glared at the Evil God Fragment again, this time ready to fight. A trumpet sounded in the distance, signaling for the warriors to let out their battle cries.

Urushi's resolve had lit a flame in our hearts, and Fran was no exception.

「Urushi, you were super cool.」

「Arf...」

「Now it's our turn.」

*Yeah, that's exactly right.*

（Master?）

*Let's go. Fran.*

「Master?」

I felt Fran's mana burning inside me, giving me the ability to cut through anything. Because I am Fran's sword.

If Fran wants to cut something, then I will cut it for her. If she wants to kill someone, then I will kill them. Whatever she wants done, I will do it no matter the cost.

Wait, no. I'm unfit to be her sword if I keep thinking wasting brainpower on such useless thoughts. I need to be more rational, like Announcer-san.

「Master! Master!」

『!』

Huh? Was Fran saying something?

But why does she look so sad?

『...Fran?』

「Master! What's happened to you?」

『What do you mean?』

「Master... Did you turn into a complete sword...?」

What the...? Fran is... crying?

But why?

『Fran...?』

〈Achieved 100% swordification depth. Soul optimization completed successfully.〉

Announcer-san?

〈Confirming affinity with divine attribute. Securing supply circuit of divine energy. Beginning intervention in swordification by the mutual wishes of individual Humanseal Blade Master and individual Fran――〉

W-What's going on?

〈Transformation into sword has completed...*Bzzt*――〉

There's some kind of interference sound...?

〈Transformation into sword has completed, the Swordification Module must be rebooted——〉

Announcer-san?

〈Simply wonderful. I have detected a circuit between the soul from another world and the Evil God Fragment. Beginning reconstruction. This means the birth of a new divine sword!〉

No, this may be Announcer-san's voice, but it's not her. The voice was way more emotional, yet it lacked any sense of warmth.

As if it was a machine mimicking the qualities of a person. Simply hearing it gave me the creeps.

More importantly, what did it just say? Something about becoming a new divine sword?

〈Commencing naming process.〉

No good, it's not listening to anything I say. Well, at least it seems I get to become a divine sword. That means I can be even more useful to Fran!

〈Analyzing... Proposing new name: Fenrir, the Evil Wolf Blade, based on initial parameters...*Bzzt*――〉

There's the noise again...

〈Evil energy interference detected. Probability distortion has resulted in a new branch of evolution. Recommending new name: Fallen God, the Evil Trust Blade.〉

My name is...

〈Hahahahahaha! Well what do we have here!〉

『What the...?』

〈If you don't want this power, then hand over your body. I'll make good use of it for you!〉

〈Proposing a new branch: Fanatics, the Mad Soul Blade. Name can be acquired.〉

Fanatics...?

〈Oh? In that case, I would fit in just perfectly! Give everything to me instead!〉

〈Proposing a new branch: Fannabelta, the Frost Envy Blade. Name can be acquired.〉

Fannabelta...?

〈Master! Pull yourself together! You should know you don't need another name!〉

〈Oi, surrender your body to me! My revival is the best choice you'll ever make!〉

〈I can work for my liege once more! Choose me! Me! Come on, hurry it up!〉

〈**——!**〉

Ugh...! The pain...! It's like the voices are splitting my head apart!

〈Master! Come back to your senses!〉

〈You can just shut up, half-dead mutt!〉

〈Do it! Choose my name! Your name is Fannabelta!〉

〈No! His name is Master!〉

〈Shout the name Fanatics! That's all you gotta do!〉

〈**——!**〉

Ahh... The voices inside my head keep getting louder and louder. I'm... fading away.

The forces battling for control had an incredible amount of power. So the winner of that battle will become the new me...?

That's... perfect. Becoming a stronger sword will ensure Fran's safety.

This is all for Fran's sake...

Huh? What?

Fran is crying... Why does she look so sad...? Haven't I seen that face before? Oh right, during our time at the Academy of Magic... when I almost degraded into a complete sword...

She has always said that I was the best. That she would rather have me over a divine sword.

Is becoming a divine sword really for the best?

Or am I just going to make her sadder?

Wait. Come to think of it, why do I have to become a divine sword in the first place?

〈Dammit...! I can't contain the power! The Swordification Module is doing something outside of my control...!〉

〈Just choose me already! Me! Me!〉

〈Pick my name, you second-rate sword!〉

〈**——!**〉

Ugh, so fucking loud! Can you quiet down and let me think for a single second?! And you just keep spouting all this bullshit!

Fenrir-san is one thing, but how am I supposed to entrust Fran to Fanatics, Fannabelta, or a fragment of the Evil God?!

〈Fanatics is only name for you!〉

〈No, choose Fannabelta!〉

〈**——!**〉

『Shut up!』

All of you shut your goddamn mouths!

I am Master! Fran's Master!

〈Please choose a name. If you do not decide, then――〉

You can shut up too, impostor! I'm not listening to anything you say! Give back the real Announcer-san!

Me becoming a divine sword? Fuck that! I will stay by Fran's side as "myself", because anything else will make Fran cry even more! And that is absolutely unacceptable!

〈Please choose a name. Please choose a na――〉

『My name is Master the Intelligence Weapon, and I am Fran's Master! Nothing more, nothing less!』

〈——Confirmed reception of soul's desire.〉

Oh! That voice must be the real Announcer-san!

Even though it sounded almost exactly the same as before, I somehow understood it was her.

〈Affirmative. The remnants of Cherubim and the Swordification Module have been integrated into me. The strong desire of individual Humanseal Blade Master and the wishes of individual Fran have established the name of your soul.〉

『Uhh... So basically, you're saying I managed to avoid becoming a divine sword because Fran and I opposed it so vehemently?』

〈Negative. The process of becoming a divine sword can no longer be canceled.〉

What?! So I'm screwed then?!

〈Negative. With your soul now firmly established as "Master", you need not lose yourself to the power of a divine sword.〉

Immediately after hearing Announcer-san's words, I felt power welling up from within me. Not from Fenrir-san or the Evil God Fragment, but from my own soul.

〈You are a divine sword that wished only to protect and support its wielder, and the first-ever entity to ascend to divine swordhood through your own will. Soul from another world, the gods have bestowed you with a new name: "Fran's Master", the Master Blade.〉

『Fran's Master, the Master Blade...!』

Wait, what? Doesn't that sound kinda redundant? Uhh, is this like finalized? Can we ask for a do-over?



