---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1246"
permalink: Tenken/1246.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1246
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1246: True Calamity</h2>

Despite distancing ourselves from the battlefield through consecutive teleportation, we suddenly found ourselves overwhelmed by the pressure.

Just as we had seen before, the Great Spirit of Wind was a towering woman who gave off a green glow.

Even from this distance, her overwhelming magical power was palpable. She was far more terrifying than our previous encounter with her in Alessa.

At last, the over 30-meter tall maiden of wind unleashed her awe-inspiring might.

「**AAAAAARHHHHHHHH!**」

『!』

Even I heard the spirit's voice! Which meant she achieved complete manifestation.

Our best possible method of wiping out undead over a wide area would be my Surtr spell. It's capable of incinerating around 4000~5000 undead per cast.

But the power of a Great Spirit went far beyond the realm of anything we were capable of.

I could feel the air over our entire field of view falling under the Great Spirit's control. All of it was covered in the Great Spirit's mana.

So this is the ultimate catastrophe capable of plunging an entire country into ruin over the span of a few days.

I finally understand. If she was to ever go fully berserk, the resulting devastation would make any other calamity seem like a soft breeze.

This was truly an entity beyond mortal comprehension.

We couldn't stop trembling, even if her power was not directed at us. Fran, in particular, had goosebumps all over her body.

「The wind...」

『What is Klimt trying to do?』

The wind over the battlefield reversed course, and started flowing from the ground to the sky. Did he intend to create a tornado or something?

However, we soon realized that this was only the beginning.

Klimt, who had been concentrating the entire time, suddenly opened his eyes wide and spoke.

「O Great Spirit, call forth a mighty storm! Let all be thrown from the earth!」

「**AAAAAARHHHHHHHH!**」

Immediately afterward, the sounds of the wind resonated to form a deafening noise, and a typhoon swept through the battlefield.

While I couldn't see the wind's movements, it was easy to discern the flow of mana. Massive carpets of wind rose from the ground in succession, blasting the undead further and further into the skies.

After getting lifted high into the skies by the consecutive blasts of wind, the undead started falling as gravity took hold. The scene reminded me of an infinitely long chain of dominoes by how easily the undead fell.

The impact of the wind combined with slamming into the ground after falling several stories proved lethal even to the undead.

In less than 30 seconds, the wind had inflicted immense damage to every single undead in a several kilometer radius. The shattered remains of zombies and skeletons crumbled away into dust.

The Great Spirit had eradicated over 500,000 undead in that single attack. If applied to a human army, the outcome would be the same.

Such a power running amok would spell disaster for any nation.

However, there were some figures still moving within the ranks of the vanishing undead.

（The Duke Zombies!）

『It wasn't enough to defeat those guys!』

The Great Spirit could control the wind over an outrageously large region, but the attack itself wasn't all that powerful. Gravity dealt most of the damage. 

Well, at least it cleared out all the small fry. The rest should be doable with our――

「!」

「Kuhn.」

Fran gasped, and Urushi let out a pitiful whimper, tucking his tail between his legs.

The Great Spirit was far from finished. In fact, the previous event had merely been a prelude.

「**OROOOOOOOOOGH!!!**」

The atmosphere trembled as the winds began converging. Eventually, the swirling air began to take a vague form, materializing as a wyrm connecting the earth with the heavens.

The tail of the white dragon turned into a fierce whirlwind, which gradually expanded upwards.

The Duke Zombies seemed unable to move in the turbulent winds. A few managed to break through the wind and escape, but they were quickly ensnared again, and thrown into the skies along with the rest.

At that point, they were reduced to the Great Spirit's playthings. Before long, we found ourselves looking at an ultra-massive tornado with a diameter exceeding 500 meters.

In terms of size, there were tornadoes of a similar scale on Earth. I vaguely remembered watching a news report about a tornado with a 2-kilometer diameter.

But the sheer power contained within was on a completely different level. The mana infused into the tornado accelerated the wind speed past physical limits, turning it into something like a giant blender. It was essentially the same as casting countless super-massive wind spells at the same time.

Ten minutes later.

There was nothing left in the tornado's wake. No undead, no forest, no mountains, no life... Everything had been shredded into dust and carried away on the winds.

『Hah... Haha... What in the world was that?』

「The Great Spirit is incredible.」

「Woof...」

「Fuhahahaha! This is no longer something that mortals can overcome! Not that I'm mortal anymore!」

The sight reminded me of the ultimate technique that Weena Rhyn had used to defeat the Great Beast of the lake. That's not something anyone can afford to take head on.

That said, such a powerful attack came with a cost.

「Ugh...」

「Klimt!」

『His life force is running really low!』

Immediately after returning the Great Spirit, Klimt collapsed and coughed up a large amount of blood. Like I thought, this power must have been beyond mortal hands.

「Klimt, are you okay?」

「...Sorry. Please... take care... of the rest...」

『Don't talk!』

It seems pretty dangerous to leave him here. Maybe we should take him somewhere safe for treatment?

『You're too damn reckless.』

And he kept telling us not to push ourselves... No, I can't blame him. Klimt unleashed the Great Spirit's full power because he wanted to reduce the burden on Fran. 

『...Let's transport Klimt to Alessa.』

「Nn!」
