---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 792"
permalink: Tenken/0792.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 792
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>792: Replare</h2>

She knocked the two blue cats unconscious and threw them into a bag with their tails cut off, before handing them over to the Adventurers Guild.

Turns out they were adventurers. They even brought their adventurer cards with them, so they must have been really underestimating Fran to commit a crime while carrying their ID cards.

And they were a famous duo in their own right. Well, infamous, I guess.

And Fran beat them all by herself, which caused the guildmaster to take a great liking to her.

After leaving the submaster to take care of the blue cats, she dragged Fran into her office.

「I'm Replare, the guildmaster of Nocta. Nice to meet you. Fufufu…」

「I'm Fran.」

「Black Lightning Princess-chan, right? I'm so glad to meet you!」

This woman was the one I've heard about, right?

About her being a pervert who loves strong people.

She had the appearance of a beautiful and sexy sorceress. I could tell from her equipment that she was a caster.

She wore a black pointy witch hat on her head as well as a black cloak. Underneath, she was wearing a white blouse and a tight black skirt, which seemed really thin and emphasized her curves.

I wonder if she's doing it on purpose.

She had the figure of a gravure idol whose selling point was her big tits. Also she had lips moistened with gloss, strangely passionate droopy eyes, and the mole right under her eye. If I was still human, I might have been staring at the gap between her crossed legs and the tight skirt.

Such thickness gave no sense of motherhood, only sexiness and glamor. I can see why everyone called her a pervert.

「Those two were a pair of Rank C adventurers with excellent assassination skills, you know? And then you beat them up so badly that they cried out in fear. Just amazing!」

「Nn……」

「Ufufufu… I'm going to punish those two and their friends very severely, don't you worry.」

Fran fidgeted uncomfortably under her heated gaze.

「What's wrong?」

「N-Nothing.」

「Really?」

「Nn……」

Apparently, Fran didn't like Replare that much. She seemed uncomfortable as Replare eyes drilled into every corner of her body.

This is the first time she has ever reacted like that, I think?

When meeting those that are malicious or hostile toward her, she generally responded in turn or just ignored them.

However, being given such a passionate and persistent gaze was probably a new experience for her.

Fran frowned lightly as she avoided eye contact with Replare.

「Ah-hah!」

「!」

Fran's body shivered in response to Replare's deliberate exhalation.

Seems like it would be best to get this talk over with and leave the guild as soon as possible.

「I-I have a question…」

「Sure thing honey. What did you want to know?」

Replare's words were no lie. She really answered all of our questions.

We learned the location of the illegal town of Sendia and the criminal organizations that existed there. She even gave us the name of the prime suspects.

She also told us about recent developments on the continent.

I was a little suspicious of how freely she was giving this info away, but it seemed that she just really liked Fran.

Also she apparently intended to treat the skilled adventurers as well as possible, so they could focus their efforts on the work that needed to be done.

「I've been hearing a lot of things about those dwarves lately.」

We heard a lot of interesting stories from her, such as the dwarves blasting their way through the antidemon hordes at breakneck speeds, as well as the accomplishments of the demonkin army.

Among these, we were particularly interested in hearing about the arrival of a divine sword wielder at the northern port.

「A divine sword!」

「Yeah, from the northern continent, and two of them at that.」

「Two divine swords?」

「That's right.」

Two great powers divided the northern continent, and knights from both of these countries had been dispatched to Gordicia.

The two countries were constantly quarreling with each other, but they both wanted to avoid war. Since they each possessed a divine sword, an all-out war would surely reduce both of them to rubble.

The Holy Nation of Silard controlled the eastern half of the Brodin continent. It was a military power that possessed the divine sword Alpha and advocated justice and charity.

The western power that had long been in conflict with Silard was the Militant Nation of Hagane, an exclusive nation shrouded in mystery that possessed the divine sword Berserk.

Both countries were said to be among the largest in the world in terms of land mass and military might. Therefore, both countries feared anything that would cause their decline and had tacitly agreed not to use the divine swords against each other.

Skirmishes without the use of the divine sword occurred from time to time, and both sides were constantly throwing insults at each other. Yet, the divine swords were forbidden from use on the battlefield.

I guess it's similar to how nuclear weapons were treated back on Earth.

「They took the divine swords out of their countries?」

「Yeah, it happens once every ten years or so.」

Using their divine swords for the Gordician Duty is something both countries were expected to do by the rest of the world.

They had enough national power to ignore the other countries, but if they did, they would be mocked everywhere as "stingy and narrow-minded nations that possess a divine sword but only use it for themselves".

Pride and pragmatism. From both points of view, it would be best to accept this request from other countries. Silard was said to be particularly interested because they were very concerned about their appearances.

The problem was the existence of their hostile neighbor on the continent. If one country brought their divine sword to Gordicia, the other country would certainly make a move.

Both sides held to that line of thinking for a long time, so it was impossible to use the divine swords for the Gordician Duty. However, one day, both countries made a pact and agreed to send out their divine swords at the same time.

As long as neither side had their divine sword, they would not be able to gain an unassailable advantage over the other. Also, since political disputes were forbidden on the continent of Gordicia, there was little danger of being attacked there either.

As a result, once every ten years, the two divine swords from the Brodin continent were brought to Gordicia at the same time.

「So both Alpha and Berserk are on this continent?」

「Exactly.」

「Whoa……」

I'd like to see them if I can get a chance. They seem pretty relevant to me.

But still, that's the continent of Gordicia for you.

Based only on what we've heard, there were four divine swords gathered here: Gaia, the Grand Earthblade. Ignis, the Brilliant Flameblade. Alpha, the Blade of Origin. Lastly Berserk, the Blade of Madness.

Furthermore, the Dwarf Queen Orfalve, as well as the wielders of Alpha and Berserk were here, meaning that three of the Seven Sages have arrived.

Throw in two Rank S adventurers and Trismegistus, and you have a nicely sized group of absolute monsters.



