---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 740"
permalink: Tenken/0740.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 740
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch740">740: In the Infirmary</h2>

<p>Immediately after the declaration of victory, Fran collapsed on the spot and was taken to the infirmary.</p>

<p>The three healers were doing their best to heal her, but her recovery was very slow.</p>

<p>「Damn! Greater Heal doesn't work at all!」</p>
<p>「Life magic doesn't work either!」</p>
<p>「What the hell is this?! Anyway, we have no choice but to keep on healing her while drinking mana potions! It's not completely ineffective!」</p>
<p>「「Yes sir!」」</p>

<p>Even the experienced leader of the group, an old man, seemed to have never encountered damage caused by the divine attribute before.</p>

<p>He performed various techniques on her, including countermeasures to poisons and curses, but Fran's wounds were slow to heal.</p>

<p>Still, the three top magicians were doing their best to heal her. I can at least be relieved that her life is not in danger.</p>

<p>『Urushi, are you okay?』</p>
<p>（Kuhn……）</p>

<p>I decided to leave Fran temporarily in the hands of the treatment team and concentrated on Urushi's recovery.</p>

<p>I casted a healing spell on Urushi while he was in the shadows.</p>

<p>『You really saved us as the end there. Great job.』</p>
<p>（Woof…… Arf.）</p>
<p>『Don't get excited yet! Your entire body is still a mess!』</p>
<p>（Arf……）</p>
<p>『I'll give you a good meal later.』</p>
<p>（Woof!）</p>

<p>Just then, the door to the infirmary opens and a familiar figure comes in.</p>

<p>「How is Fran-chan?」</p>
<p>「Elsa-san… It's not good, she's showing no signs of waking up.」</p>
<p>「I see… It was such a fierce competition so there's no helping it. I guess the winner won't be in the closing ceremony this year.」</p>

<p>Apparently that's something that happens once every few years in this tournament, since the winner is usually heavily injured. The finals are always a brutal fight so it's not that surprising.</p>

<p>It's too difficult to delay the start of the closing ceremony, because many of the VIPs have to leave on schedule. Also, holding the awarding ceremony after they have left might be considered as mocking them.</p>

<p>If the champion has no proxy, the lord or a representative from the Adventurers Guild will hold on to the prize money for them. Not that the prize money in this tournament is that high, since the prestige is the main goal.</p>

<p>「If she wakes up and is able to attend the award ceremony, can you bring her?」</p>
<p>「Yes, I will.」</p>

<p>Elsa leaves after saying that, but even if Fran wakes up, it will be difficult for her to attend the ceremony. She will have a hard time moving properly for a few days, let alone fighting.</p>

<p>Then a new visitor arrived. To my surprise, I didn't sense his presence at all.</p>

<p>「D-Dimitris-sama?」</p>

<p>The healer called out his name. Yes, it was Dimitris, the Rank S adventurer, who opened the door.</p>

<p>He approached slowly. For a moment, the word "retaliation" crossed my mind, but Dimitris showed no signs of intending harm.</p>

<p>「Like I thought, the recovery is not up to par…… Shall I help you?」</p>
<p>「What? B-But……」</p>
<p>「Those injured by the dragon ki will not recover properly for a while.」</p>
<p>「Dragon ki?」</p>
<p>「I named it as such because I saw it from a dragon monster I fought before…… It's one of the secret arts of our school.」</p>

<p>You mean the divine attribute? I guess in the Dimitris style, they call it 'dragon ki' instead. That must be why the name of the secret art is called 'Dragon'.</p>

<p>「Y-You can do something about it?」</p>
<p>「It's far from perfect, but I can do a little.」</p>

<p>Dimitris was not lying, he seemed to have really only come to help Fran. There was no malice or hostility. On the contrary, there was even a hint of compassion in the way he looked at Fran.</p>

<p>「B-But this girl defeated your successor and……」</p>
<p>「Winning or losing a single battle is trivial. It would be a shame to lose such a talented one like this.」</p>
<p>「A-As impressive as always…… Please give us your assistance.」</p>
<p>「Very well.」</p>

<p>I decided not to interfere with Dimitris. It's pretty clear he had no intention of harming Fran.</p>

<p>「Phew……… Haaah……」</p>

<p>Dimitris took a deep breath, and put his hands on Fran's abdomen and head. I could feel the ki slowly emanating from his hands and permeating Fran's body.</p>

<p>Not only that.</p>

<p>『Is this the divine attribute?』</p>

<p>Dimitris' ki had a slight divine attribute to it. However, there was no sign of aggression, and Fran's stern expression softened.</p>

<p>A few minutes later, Dimitris finished his treatment. Even this Rank S adventurer is exhausted, showing how difficult it is for anyone to maintain the divine attribute.</p>

<p>「Try to heal.」</p>
<p>「Y-Yes, sir.」</p>

<p>Surprisingly, when the recovery magic was applied to Fran after that, the effect was clearly improved. Of course, it was still lower than usual, but that was good enough considering the fact that she hardly recovered at all previously.</p>

<p>If everyone keeps healing her, the wounds will be fully healed soon.</p>

<p>Can the damage caused by the divine attribute also be healed with the divine attribute? It seems there are still more ways to use it that we don't know about.</p>

<p>「I'm returning to the closing ceremony, so I leave the rest to you.」</p>
<p>「Y-Yes sir! Thank you very much!」</p>
<p>「Take care.」</p>

<br>
<p>A few minutes later.</p>

<p>Urushi's condition was now much better, so I secretly joined in with Fran's recovery. I felt a little sorry for the healers' joy, as they seemed to think that it was due to their healing magic becoming more effective.</p>

<p>It was then that someone came into the infirmary again.</p>

<p>「Oh? You really can't move, can you?」</p>
<p>「W-Who are you?」</p>
<p>「I'm just someone of little significance. Hee-hee-hee.」</p>

<p>The man who had just barged into the room smiled in a nasty way.</p>

<p>Why is this guy here? It was Abarb, the disciple of Eiworth and Rank B adventurer, who lost to Diaz in the quarterfinals.</p>

<p>He was smiling at Fran with his creepy, snake-like eyes.</p>

<p>「Hee-hee-hee!」</p>

<p>It was not a friendly attitude by any stretch of the imagination.</p>




