---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 793"
permalink: Tenken/0793.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 793
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch793">793: The Importance of Meat</h2>

<p>「I'm truly sorry about the guildmaster's behavior.」</p>
<p>「……You saved me.」</p>
<p>「Well, it is my job to protect adventurers from the guildmaster's poisonous fangs.」</p>

<p>While Fran was desperately trying to refuse Replare's invitation to sleep at her house today, she was rescued by the submaster.</p>

<p>The guildmaster Replare apparently could not talk down to the submaster, this old man in front of us. He was a dandy-looking elderly man with a soft smile, but he was also very tall with muscles thicker than many young adventurers.</p>

<p>He must be a high level warrior.</p>

<p>「If you ever have trouble dealing with the guildmaster, you need only call me.」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>I had heard she was a pervert who loved anyone strong, but I didn't imagine she would try to go that far.</p>

<p>I'm just glad Fran didn't understand what her intentions were.</p>

<p>She didn't seem to care what sex, race, or age you were, as long as you were strong…… Replare might be more than a match for Ulmutt's Elsa, who actually showed some restraint.</p>

<p>Well, since she was so friendly to Fran, we can at least trust her to extract information from the blue cats and "punish" them properly.</p>

<p>She also said that she would look into the guards connected to them behind the scenes, so we can leave that part to her.</p>

<p>However, Replare seemed to be the very persistent type. I bet she hasn't given up on Fran yet.</p>

<p>After Fran escaped from her clutches, we headed to the Adventurers Guild training grounds.</p>

<p>But we didn't come here for mock battles. She was asked to do that too, but there was something they were even more interested in.</p>

<p>「Fresh meat is precious on this continent, so we are very grateful to you.」</p>
<p>「I have a lot of it.」</p>
<p>「That's good to hear!」</p>

<p>The old man smiled with delight. His gait seemed to have lightened somewhat too.</p>

<p>Yes, what we were asked to do was to unload the magical beast materials we had stocked up in our dimensional storage. Both meat and materials were precious here.</p>

<p>Especially the meat.</p>

<p>I've heard that a certain amount of materials for weapons were shipped in from other continents, since they were constantly needed for repairs.</p>

<p>However, meat was a different story.</p>

<p>Meat was not a necessity, and on top of that, it was difficult to transport over long distances. It wouldn't be impossible to do so, but the cost and other factors made it impractical.</p>

<p>Therefore, the staple food of Gordicia ended up being fish from the sea. Fish were very cheap compared to places like Ulmutt, for example.</p>

<p>Animal meat was only available in small quantities from wild game hunted by adventurers.</p>

<p>Then came Fran, who had a large store of meat in her dimensional storage. When she mentioned this, both the guildmaster and submaster jumped for joy.</p>

<p>「Meat, you say!」</p>
<p>「You have meat!」</p>
<p>「I have materials too…」</p>
<p>「She just said meat, right?」</p>
<p>「She did, I'm sure of it.」</p>

<p>Maybe the submaster wouldn't have helped us if we hadn't told him about the meat.</p>

<p>They didn't show the slightest care for what monster materials she had brought, only the meat! And both of them were in sync on this subject. I guess they wanted their meat that badly.</p>

<p>But there was a problem.</p>

<p>This guild, which almost never deals with magical beast materials, didn't have an adequate dismantling area.</p>

<p>Usually they only butchered small deer and boar in a tiny butcher room.</p>

<p>That's where the training grounds came in. While the dismantling room was small, the guild's training hall was very spacious. There were several adventurers, and many of them trained hard on a regular basis.</p>

<p>「This is our guild's underground training hall.」</p>
<p>「Oh, it's huge.」</p>
<p>「Indeed it is.」</p>

<p>Compared to guilds like Ulmutt's, this facility was about five times larger. There, nearly one hundred adventurers were training on their own.</p>

<p>All their eyes turned to us at once, probably because the submaster had taken the trouble to show around a young girl like Fran.</p>

<p>「Submaster, who is this child?」</p>
<p>「……Kozon, huh? Does she look like just a child to you?」</p>
<p>「No, she doesn't. But she'd look like a normal kid to the low rankers here.」</p>
<p>「Well tell them to get their eyes checked.」</p>
<p>「Kukuku.」</p>

<p>The warrior at the entrance, the one they call Kozon, was quite skilled. He was probably the one in charge of giving training and advice to those in the training area.</p>

<p>He looked at Fran and smiled belligerently.</p>

<p>「Well, I'm sure you'll be looking at her differently soon. Now then, Fran-dono, please go ahead. I'll get those adventurers out of your way.」</p>
<p>「Hoh?」</p>

<p>The submaster's use of honorifics with Fran indicated that she was not just your average strong adventurer.</p>

<p>「We will now use the training area! Those in the center, move to the walls!」</p>
<p>「Oi oi! We just started training, you know?! Come on, don't give me this shi――Gwbeh!」</p>

<p>Ehhh? The submaster just silently kicked aside the warrior shouting a complaint? So he's going to physically force them to the wall if they don't abide?</p>

<p>After getting slammed into the wall, he was now twitching on the floor. He's not gonna die, right?</p>

<p>「We have the guildmaster's permission. If you have a problem with it, we'll be using force, okay?」</p>

<p>After the appeal to both authority and violence, they couldn't complain any further. The other adventurers readily obeyed and fled to the walls of the training area. I wonder if those trembling adventurers over there were friends with the guy who got kicked out?</p>

<p>「This way, if you would.」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>Kozon grinned as he leaned slightly away from the wall. Did he think we were starting a special mock battle or something?</p>

<p>Sorry, I'm afraid that's not it.</p>

<p>「Okay, I'll bring it out.」</p>

<p>Fran pulled out the first magical beast corpse. It was a Fang Boar, sliced in half. A pretty low grade monster.</p>

<p>They told us that quantity was more important than quality when it comes to meat, so Fran started lining up large low grade beasts in the training area.</p>

<p>Each time she pulled out another beast corpse, the adventurers roared with admiration. They understood just how much meat this would become.</p>

<p>Halfway through, their cheers became deafening.</p>

<p>「Thank you very much. We'll have the money ready for you soon. If at all possible, I would like a small amount of assistance in dismantling it. Of course, I'll put in a bonus for showing us how to butcher them properly. How about it?」</p>
<p>「Okay. I have nothing to do while waiting, so I accept.」</p>

<p>I guess adventurers on this continent weren't very good at butchering things, so we can give them a little service here.</p>



