---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 758"
permalink: Tenken/0758.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 758
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch758">758: An Act in the Royal Capital</h2>

<p>The day after we heard from Amanda about Fran's parents.</p>

<p>We were leaving Alessa.</p>

<p>Oh yeah, we had a huge sendoff party with Amanda and Nell. It's a pity we didn't get to meet Klimt and some others, but we'll be able to say hello the next time we come back.</p>

<p>『I'm surprised to hear that you've already been to the Gordicia continent, though.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>Fran herself had never known that her village was in Gordicia. She had been seriously surprised too.</p>

<p>However, she did know the story of Trismegistus. It's likely that she already knew many things about the continent, but was just too young to remember most of it.</p>

<p>『Now that we have the map, there are even more things for us to do in Gordicia.』</p>
<p>「We need to visit their graves!」</p>
<p>『Yep.』</p>
<p>「Woof woof!」</p>

<p>We were on our way to the capital of the Kingdom of Kranzel.</p>

<p>That was because we heard that the Dimitris disciples had been summoned to the capital. The government could not leave that huge incident unattended.</p>

<p>However, it seemed that their penalties were already decided while they were in Ulmutt, and the main purpose was to make a show of interrogating them in the capital.</p>

<p>This was probably an appeal to the public that the nation is taking this matter seriously.</p>

<p>Our objective is to meet up with Hilt and the others after the interrogation is over, and head for the Kingdom of Belioth together.</p>

<p>『Aurel said they would be fine, but there's a possibility that they'll be detained longer depending on how the royals decide to handle the situation.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>In that case, we will have to check Hilt's schedule and coordinate any changes with Belioth.</p>

<p>Worst case, Fran may have to intervene and tell them that the Kingdom of Belioth is planning to hire Hilt.</p>

<p>Still, we have some connections now, so we can at least inform the higher-ups about what Belioth is planning.</p>

<p>But our fears were unfounded. They were easily released after only two days.</p>

<p>Both sides apparently accepted the terms they had negotiated previously. The agreement allowed Hilt to take a few men with her to Gordicia while the other disciples remained in Kranzel for a extended duration to complete requests.</p>

<p>With that, the country would let them off the hook. We were glad that both sides ended the dispute peacefully. However, there was one person who was not so peaceful.</p>

<p>「Gnnnnrghhh……! That mantis bastard!」</p>
<p>「Calm down.」</p>
<p>「Woof.」</p>
<p>「How can I calm down! Captain Neidhart… no, that damned Neidhart! Next time I see you, I'll make you cry for sure!」</p>

<p>That's what Eliante was yelling in front of us. Her hair was already dyed purple, as if she was ready for combat.</p>

<p>The guildmaster's office may have some soundproofing, but I'm sure people could hear this outside.</p>

<p>We came to the guild thinking it would be a good idea to tell Eliante about Neidhart.</p>

<p>But we were careless. We knew she would be a little angry, but she made us spit out everything about the incident.</p>

<p>I was hoping to make a quick report and get away before Eliante's wrath was triggered……</p>

<p>「Sure, Neidhart went to Raydoss. But it was for his friends. Don't be mad at him.」</p>

<p>From that statement, it was clear that Fran was not angry or resentful toward Neidhart, or Sibylla either.</p>

<p>Her personal interest in Neidhart overcame her anger toward Raydoss, and she spoke in his defense.</p>

<p>「I know, I know, I'm rather pleased about that too. If I found out the old colleagues of mine who I thought were dead are actually alive, I'd rescue them by any means necessary. Even if it means helping a sworn enemy.」</p>

<p>Hmm? I thought she was angry at him for joining hands with the enemy, but I guess not?</p>

<p>「But that mantis bastard! He gave Robin and the others instructions beforehand! Of course, I'm an outsider, I've already left the brigade! But don't you think a little advance notice would be nice?」</p>

<p>Robin was the lobster half-insectkin who was the acting leader of the five mercenaries belonging to the 'Antennae and Shell' brigade.</p>

<p>We fought together with them previously in the capital.</p>

<p>Until a little while ago, he had remained in the capital to help his former comrade Eliante.</p>

<p>Now he has left, seemingly under the direction of Neidhart. It is likely that Niedhart wanted to get his friends out of Kranzel before he left for Raydoss. Otherwise there was a possibility they would be taken into custody.</p>

<p>Eliante was angry that no explanation was given to her. Maybe she felt left out.</p>

<p>But that wasn't the case either.</p>

<p>「If I had known Robin and the others were leaving, I would have packed more work into their schedules!」</p>
<p>「Work?」</p>
<p>「Yes, work! There is still so much I was planning to leave to them!」</p>

<p>That's what she says, but I'm sure she's just trying to hide her embarrassment. In reality, she must be sulking because she was left out of the group.</p>

<p>「I missed out on shoving all the work to them! Why didn't you tell me first……!」</p>

<p>Eliante exclaimed while slamming her desk. Eh? The desk has a few cracks in it now. You're just trying to hide her embarrassment, right? Don't tell me you're seriously pissed?</p>

<p>「……We're already short of manpower because of the incident with that shithead Ashtner! If only we had someone…… anyone……」</p>
<p>「Nn?」</p>
<p>「W-Woof?」</p>

<p>Eliante's eyes, which were barely holding on to sanity, caught hold of Fran and Urushi.</p>

<p>「Anyone……」</p>

<p>Oh no, she's completely locked onto us.</p>

<p>「Tournament champion… Giant wolf…… Work… Progress……」</p>

<p>W-Why did you stop speaking in complete sentences? You're scaring me!</p>

<p>『Let's get out of here!』</p>
<p>「…? Okay.」</p>
<p>「Oh! Wait a minute! Let's have a little chat!」</p>
<p>「No time. I need to meet up with Hilt.」</p>
<p>「Just a little of your time! Only a few weeks!」</p>

<p>Don't call a few weeks "just a little"!</p>

<p>『Fran, Urushi, make a run for it!』</p>
<p>「Nn!」</p>
<p>「Woof!」</p>
<p>「No! Wait for me! Pleeeease!」</p>



