---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 785"
permalink: Tenken/0785.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 785
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch785">785: Wounded Knights</h2>

<p>As we approached the unit ahead of the antidemons, I realized why the unit did not seem to be fleeing. They were actually trying to get away.</p>

<p>They simply could not move fast enough because of all the wounded.</p>

<p>Knights and soldiers were scurrying about, lending a shoulder to their injured comrades. There were about 400 people in total, and the vast majority of them were wounded to some degree.</p>

<p>I'd say more than half of them had serious injuries.</p>

<p>Apparently, they had already fought the antidemons earlier. Perhaps they suffered heavy damage against a larger-than-expected force.</p>

<p>Fran approached the troops without concealing her presence.</p>

<p>They must have noticed her right away, because several of them came forward cautiously.</p>

<p>I've heard that failed adventurers sometimes turn to banditry, so they can't welcome just anyone with open arms.</p>

<p>However, I did see a slight look of relief on their faces.</p>

<p>This was probably because Fran didn't look like a bandit, or even seem to be powerful herself. A knight in the front called out to us as we neared the group.</p>

<p>He must be the commander of this unit. Though he was lightly wounded compared to the others, I could still see bandages on his arms and legs.</p>

<p>「Are you an adventurer by chance?」</p>
<p>「Nn. That's right.」</p>
<p>「Did you have some business with us?」</p>
<p>「A lot of antidemons are coming. I came to ask if you're gonna escape.」</p>
<p>「Sorry for the trouble, but you need not worry about us.」</p>

<p>Like I thought, they were aware of the antidemons.</p>

<p>I'm sure the horde will catch up to them soon. Maybe they had some sort of plan?</p>

<p>Fran was about to ask about that, but before she could, a war cry rose from far away.</p>

<p>A small number of people seemed to be moving into action, shouting loudly.</p>

<p>Since we didn't notice their presence earlier, they must have been hiding themselves at a considerable distance from us. And they would have to be very good at stealth too.</p>

<p>I sensed a few of them diving headfirst into the horde of antidemons.</p>

<p>What happened?</p>

<p>Fran tilted her head, and at the same time the commander's face clouded over.</p>

<p>「So it has begun…… You had better get as far away from antidemons as possible while they are stalled.」</p>
<p>「Were those your friends?」</p>
<p>「……Yes.」</p>

<p>That small group who shouted was most likely acting as bait to help their comrades escape.</p>

<p>I could see in the faces of the knights that they did not take it for granted. Some of them were in tears.</p>

<p>Still, as knights in the service of their country, they could not afford to be annihilated here. They absolutely had to survive in order to continue their mission.</p>

<p>「Everyone…… Make haste!」</p>
<p>「Yes sir!」</p>

<p>The knights responded to their commander's words with the same pained look on their faces.</p>

<p>「You need not worry about us. You should run away too.」</p>

<p>The commander must have some idea of Fran's strength. He was quite strong himself.</p>

<p>Still, he probably thought we would die facing more than a thousand antidemons.</p>

<p>He tried to get us out of here rather than asking for help.</p>
 
<p>Fran wore a small smile that only I could see. She had taken a liking to him.</p>

<p>（Master.）</p>
<p>『I know. You want to help, right?』</p>
<p>（Nn.）</p>
<p>『……I guess we have no choice.』</p>
<p>（Thanks.）</p>

<p>If not for that giant knight-type commander, we shouldn't have a problem…… But we've heard that antidemons can reach Threat Level A, so we can't underestimate them.</p>

<p>If Fran will not back down, then we have to take this seriously. When push comes to shove, we will use all our strength.</p>

<p>「Why… are you drawing your weapon?」</p>
<p>「I just felt like taking out some antidemons.」</p>
<p>「Wait! A skilled adventurer such as yourself cannot sacrifice yourself for the likes of us!」</p>
<p>「I'll be fine.」</p>
<p>「But not against that number……!」</p>

<p>I could see the commander's mind wavering. He thought briefly that with Fran's help, he might be able to save his men from being sacrificed.</p>

<p>「See?」</p>
<p>「Your adventurer's card? Wha――! Rank B adventurer?!」</p>
<p>「Yeah.」</p>
<p>「I thought you were strong, but not to that extent!」</p>
<p>「I'll hold them off. You guys get out of here.」</p>

<p>Fran and I fired a series of Area Heals at the knights. That may not be able to heal them fully, but at least no one is on the verge of death. Now they should be able to run away faster, though we had no time to look at them in detail.</p>

<p>「Ah, wait!」</p>

<p>Fran turned heel without waiting for the commander's approval.</p>

<p>If we continued the conversation, the antidemons would catch up with the knights. In fact, there was less than 200 meters to go.</p>

<p>『Fran, we can't use a wide area attack because it might hit the guys we're trying to save.』</p>
<p>（Nn.）</p>

<p>There's only one way to save both the knights trying to escape and the knights stalling the antidemons. Fran would have to rush into the antidemon horde and go on a rampage.</p>

<p>By using herself as bait, Fran would lure the antidemons while rescuing the knights in the decoy group. And to do that, we must reach them before they die.</p>

<p>『There are a lot more of them now.』</p>

<p>It seems that other antidemons from the surrounding area have joined up with the horde. There could already be over 2,000.</p>

<p>『Let's go! Be careful not to get surrounded!』</p>
<p>（Got it!）</p>
<p>『Urushi, you take out the cannon-type from the shadows.』</p>
<p>（Woof!）</p>

<p>We don't know the range of that cannon, but it might be able to fire at the knights from this far away. That's why we should destroy it as our top priority.</p>

<p>『Let's go on a rampage to cover Urushi!』</p>
<p>「Nn!」</p>

<p>Fran dared to unleash her full magical power as she blocked the path of antidemons. That should make her look like delicious bait to them.</p>

<p>The antidemons let out a high-pitched cry, as if metal was being scraped against metal.</p>

<p>「Yreeeeeeee!」</p>
<p>「They're coming!」</p>
<p>『Yeah! Take 'em out with a bang!』</p>



