---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 794"
permalink: Tenken/0794.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 794
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch794">794: Meat, Booze, Adventurers</h2>
<p>After we finished dismantling a large number of magical beasts.</p>

<p>「Wahahahaha! This is delicious!」</p>
<p>「If only I had a hot babe to go with it too!」</p>
<p>「You can say that again!」</p>

<p>In the training area, the adventurers were enjoying their meat and booze. It's impressive how they have no problem enjoying themselves in a place where the smell of blood still lingers.</p>

<p>The Adventurers Guild wasn't the one handing out the meat for free though. Of course, the meat wasn't being stolen or anything either.</p>

<p>Fran had donated the meat to the adventurers.</p>

<p>Since we're going to be on this continent for a while, there would be no harm in making a good name for ourselves among them.</p>

<p>So we decided to take out some meat we had already prepared and hold a makeshift barbecue on the spot.</p>

<p>Well, it was partly because the adventurers were so enthusiastic about the meat that I was worried that they might end up starting a riot.</p>

<p>The submaster didn't stop Fran when he saw her put a big iron plate on a hearth made by earth magic, and started serving meat roasted by fire magic to the adventurers.</p>

<p>He actually seemed rather relieved. I'm sure he was also worried that the adventurers might go berserk.</p>

<p>There was not enough to fill the stomachs of more than a hundred adventurers, but we did give everyone a snack to go with their drinks.</p>

<p>After the adventurers brought in the booze from out of nowhere, it became a full-blown party.</p>

<p>「Hey, girl! You drinking?」</p>
<p>「I'm not drinking.」</p>
<p>「Gahahaha! It's still too early for you huh! Then how about that wolf?」</p>
<p>「Arf.」</p>
<p>「The hell? You saying my booze ain't good enough for ya!」</p>
<p>「G-Gab!」</p>

<p>The guy forced a drink down Urushi's throat. But if he really didn't like it, he could have shaken the guy off. This was a wolf who could read the mood.</p>

<p>Or maybe he just wanted a drink?</p>

<p>He didn't spill a single drop either.</p>

<p>Now that I think about it, did we ever let Urushi drink alcohol in the first place? It's not like either of us could drink along with him……</p>

<p>No, I'm sure I've seen him drinking at one of the festivals we've been to before.</p>

<p>「Gef!」</p>
<p>「Guhahaha! You're a good drinker! Have some more!」</p>
<p>「Woof!」</p>

<p>I guess he's a surprisingly good drinker. He's not going to beg me for more, is he?</p>

<p>Then, out of nowhere, the adventurers started singing.</p>

<p>「We are adventurers~…♪ The golden adventurers~…♪」</p>
<p>「No foe shall make us falter!」</p>
<p>「Dragons, demons, bring anything on!」</p>
<p>「The hordes of antidemons will be a piece of cake!」</p>
<p>「For booze, for friends, for gold! The adventurers fight on!」</p>

<p>It's a terrible out of tune song, but when everyone was singing it together, it sounded strangely fitting.</p>

<p>「Hahaha! Sorry for being so loud! This is a song passed down through the generations of adventurers on this continent.」</p>
<p>「Is it an old song?」</p>
<p>「Yes! Yes, it is!」</p>

<p>It was Kozon, the leader of the group, who told us about the song in a good mood.</p>

<p>I don't know if his story was actually backed by fact, but it seems that the song was created by adventurers in ancient times. They were among the first to land and establish a stronghold on this continent shortly after it became covered by the barrier.</p>

<p>Apparently, a group of rough and tumble adventurers randomly started singing it after getting drunk. It came from those wild, barbarous and uneducated adventurers, and yet it turned out to be surprisingly catchy. So it would be inevitable that the song turned out this way.</p>

<p>If it wasn't that kind of song, I doubt it could have remained for so many years.</p>

<p>「Don't lose…♪ Keep going…♪ Show them your pride…♪」</p>
<p>「Stand up! Come on, this is our chance to show them what we've got!」</p>
<p>「Show them what you got!」</p>
<p>「We're with you!」</p>

<p>The first verse was a celebration of recklessness and the willingness to do whatever it takes. The second verse was a song of encouragement to fight together with your friends, even when the going gets rough.</p>

<p>「We are adventurers~…♪」</p>
<p>「「「The golden adventurers~…♪」」」</p>

<p>Everyone sang in unison. Before I knew it, Fran was singing along too. As long as she could remember the "Adventurers~♪" part, she could easily join in.</p>

<p>Fran was as expressionless as usual, but she still seemed to be having a good time. I know she actually loves this kind of adventurer stuff.</p>

<br>
<p>An hour later.</p>

<p>As one would expect, drinking wasn't going to be allowed forever, so the party was over after an hour.</p>

<p>But Fran and the adventurers were still in a good mood.</p>

<p>The adventurers worked together to clean up the training area, which had been filled with smoke and the smell of cooked meat.</p>

<p>They split up using water magic, wind magic, cleansing and deodorizing spells. In no time at all, the training area was back to its original earthy smell.</p>

<p>I don't know if it's the sense of solidarity they developed after eating meat together, but they were syncing up surprisingly well with each other.</p>

<p>『It's already dusk, huh?』</p>
<p>「Woof.」</p>

<p>I looked out from the guild's counter and saw the sky painted in a contrast of red and black.</p>

<p>In less than an hour, the sun would be completely gone.</p>

<p>『I guess we'd better spend the night in Nocta today.』</p>
<p>「……Nn.」</p>

<p>She may be eager to leave early, but she understood the importance of getting a good night's sleep on this continent.</p>

<p>Fran nodded her head, though a little hesitant.</p>

<p>She asked the guild for recommendations on lodging, and they recommended an upscale inn near the center of town. It was a little expensive, but also quiet and the food was good.</p>

<p>They said it was an inn suited for knights and nobles.</p>

<p>『How was the guild?』</p>
<p>「Noisy.」</p>

<p>Even though she put it that way, Fran was still singing the adventurers song and Urushi was accompanying her by performing the rhythm with his howls.</p>

<p>Hopefully we can have another party the next time we're here.</p>



