---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 779"
permalink: Tenken/0779.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 779
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch779">779: Knight-type Defeated</h2>

<p>Fran and her party continued to move forward through the antidemons without slowing down.</p>

<p>They were almost at the knight-type, the commander of the horde. Since it was almost twice as tall as a swordsman-type, we could easily see it even from this far away.</p>

<p>And the aura it unleashed was different too. It of course had plenty of mana, but I also felt evil energy radiating from it. The Abyss Eater was created from the fragments of the Evil God, so it would obviously emit evil energy.</p>

<p>From the moment we stepped into the barrier of this continent, I could always feel a minuscule amount of evil energy in the air.</p>

<p>The antidemons produced by the Abyss Eater naturally retain that evil energy. This knight-type antidemon was clothed in an evil energy comparable to that of minotaurs and high-ranking orcs.</p>

<p>「Almost at the commander.」</p>
<p>「Yeah!」</p>

<p>At this rate, it's doubtful that Fran's party will be able to defeat it. It's not a matter of strength, I'm sure Fran could erase it in the blink of an eye.</p>

<p>The problem was Hilt's party closing in from the other side.</p>

<p>They seemed to be aware of us as well, and I could tell they were slightly increasing the speed of their push towards the knight-type.</p>

<p>『At this rate, Hilt is gonna get there before us. What did you want to do? Should one of us just take it down from here?』</p>

<p>I already searched the surrounding area for mana traces, but there was no one left alive. Although it was pretty obvious, Bashar's troops had been completely wiped out.</p>

<p>『Those guys from Bashar are long gone.』</p>
<p>（I see……）</p>

<p>Despite Fran's sadness, I felt a strong sense of relief. I doubt anything good would happen if we met them here.</p>

<p>But with them out of the picture, we would be allowed to perform wide range attacks. For example, I could use my Kanna Kamui to destroy the knight-type without needing to get any closer.</p>

<p>But Fran did not take that choice. She wanted to win with her squad.</p>

<p>「Diggins!」</p>
<p>「Yeah!」</p>
<p>「I'll open the way, so you take the knight-type.」</p>
<p>「Got it! Leave it to me!」</p>

<p>Diggins immediately nodded his head, even though Fran had just told him to take the enemy boss alone.</p>

<p>I could see that he wasn't just accepting orders from a superior without thinking. Fran had earned his trust in such a short period of time.</p>

<p>「Guys, let's make the path!」</p>
<p>「「「Yes!」」」</p>
<p>「Sword Sonic!」</p>
<p>『Gale Hazard!』</p>

<p>The shockwave released by Fran sent the 30 or so antidemons in our way flying.</p>

<p>Next, I unleashed a wind spell that blew the antidemons away, further widening the gap that Fran had opened.</p>

<p>Finally, the adventurers' long-range attacks hit, creating a narrow path of about 30 meters to the knight-type.</p>

<p>Diggins saw this and roared.</p>

<p>「Uruaaaah! Awakening!」</p>

<p>He played his trump card.</p>

<p>Diggins' race had changed from Yellow Bear to Yellow Jade Bear.</p>

<p>The biggest change in appearance was the color of his fur. Originally, it was a gaudy yellow, but now it has a tough radiance to it.</p>

<p>As the name of the race implied, he had a beautiful topaz-like fur.</p>

<p>The size of his body hardly changed at all. His muscles were probably just a little pumped up.</p>

<p>However, he had definitely increased his strength.</p>

<p>「Guraaaaah!」</p>

<p>Using his enhanced muscular strength as propulsive force, Diggins pushed forward at a tremendous speed. He was already closing in on the knight-type.</p>

<p>The antidemons that stood in his way were crushed by a metal club swung with blinding speed.</p>

<p>The strength enhancement on his arms must have been fairly large. For every swing of the club, several antidemons were blown away.</p>

<p>What was even more surprising was his defenses. He received blows from the antidemons' weapons many times, but they didn't even leave a scratch.</p>

<p>I guess that fur is harder than it looks.</p>

<p>The knight-type was almost right in front of him.</p>

<p>However, I could see Phobos-kun approaching from right behind the knight.</p>

<p>It seems Hilt also had no intention of doing everything herself. She must have wanted to give her disciples a chance to shine.</p>

<p>Phobos-kun was leaning forward as he weaved between the antidemons to make his way here, with movements as smooth as a snake darting along on the ground. I would expect as much from the Dimitris style's rising star whose talents were widely regarded.</p>

<p>Diggins noticed Phobos-kun's presence too. They both had about 10 meters to go, so it was a toss up as to which of them would reach the target first.</p>

<p>After Diggins realized that, he raised his left hand in the air with a look of determination.</p>

<p>「Gooaaahhhh!」</p>

<p>Diggins' roar echoed as his left arm swung down toward the earth.</p>

<p>Boom!</p>

<p>His claws pierced the ground, and the impact sent the soil flying.</p>

<p>Of course, that wasn't the only thing that happened. At first glance, it appeared to be just a pointless strike at the ground.</p>

<p>But those who can sense magic would understand. A powerful wave of magic ran beneath the earth.</p>

<p>The point where Diggins' fist hit the earth was only the starting point, and a dense mana had been released towards the knight-type.</p>

<p>Then, the ground beneath the knight collapsed.</p>

<p>「Ryiioo?」</p>

<p>A cacophony of sound was emitted from the knight-type, as if a distorted bell had been bashed. Is that how they scream? It was a mysterious voice, completely different from the cries of living creatures.</p>

<p>The screaming(?) knight-type was swallowed up by the hole, with only the upper torso remaining above ground.</p>

<p>It quickly thrust out its hand to stop the fall, but Diggins' assault continued.</p>

<p>The walls on two sides of the hole flared up, crushing the knight-type between them.</p>

<p>And these were not just dirt walls, they had been infused with a large amount of Diggins' mana. Soon after, the knight-type's shell gave way.</p>

<p>Like a bear trap clamping into its prey, the earth itself smashed the knight-type.</p>

<p>Crack!</p>

<p>The walls slammed together with tremendous force, shattering the knight-type with a high-pitched sound similar to a metallic clash.</p>

<p>Fragments of the knight-type scattered about before melting into the air.</p>

<p>「Aw yeah! We got 'em, Black Lightning Princess-san!」</p>
<p>「Ahhhh! You beat me to it! Hilt-sama is going to be so mad at me!」</p>



