---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 747"
permalink: Tenken/0747.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 747
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch747">747: Sibylla's Reasons</h2>

<p>「W-Why? Why are you helping me……?」</p>
<p>「Because I owe you a debt.」</p>

<p>Sibylla replied to Kaitly's muttered question, but Kaitly tilted her head in confusion.</p>

<p>「A debt?」</p>
<p>「Thanks to you, I've learned that adventurers are not to be underestimated, even if they're just starting out.」</p>

<p>Does she mean what happened back in the dungeon? Kaitly had lectured her about adventurers, pretty much holding nothing back.</p>

<p>For Sibylla, that incident may have been quite a surprise.</p>

<p>She spoke to Kaitly with gentle eyes and patted her on the back. But Kaitly did not move away.</p>

<p>「I-If I leave, you will all……」</p>
<p>「We're supposed to be enemies, so don't worry about it.」</p>
<p>「But you saved me!」</p>

<p>Kaitly looked at Sibylla with concern, but Sibylla pushed her back harder this time.</p>

<p>「Come on, go already!」</p>
<p>「Ah!」</p>

<p>Kaitly was pushed toward Hilt and the others, almost tripping.</p>

<p>Hilt seized the opportunity and took Kaitly into her custody. Hilt then questioned Sibylla, with a look of 50% hostility and 50% confusion on her face.</p>

<p>「If you were giving up the hostages, what is your goal in the first place?」</p>

<p>It would be suicide to let go of the girls now that they are known to be from Raydoss. Especially since Dimitris was now among the adventurers that had Sibylla surrounded.</p>

<p>Wouldn't it have been better to use Kaitly and Nilfe as shields and let them go after they escaped out of town?</p>

<p>It wasn't just me, Hilt thought so too. She looked at Sibylla with probing eyes, not understanding the meaning of her actions.</p>

<p>But Sibylla shrugged her shoulders and spoke simply.</p>

<p>「I cut the bastard down because I didn't like the way he took advantage of children. With that said, how can I use those same children as shields to escape?」</p>
<p>「That's your reason……?!」</p>

<p>Everyone around her was taken aback, not just Hilt. They all could tell Sibylla meant what she said even without any skills.</p>

<p>She worked for our detestable enemy, the Kingdom of Raydoss. Yet she betrayed her own people to save two children, showing a purity of character.</p>

<p>The situation was so chaotic that the people who were about to attack had stopped moving. They had no clue how to handle this.</p>

<p>「Will you guys surrender for now? That would make it easier for us too.」</p>

<p>Elsa, who had appeared on the side of the stage, called out to them. Behind him were a group of adventurers.</p>

<p>「No matter how strong you are, you don't think you can break out of here with just the three of you, right? Oh, and the wagon you've arranged for is our custody too.」</p>
<p>「I knew the surveillance had gotten stronger since last night, but I guess they know everything now.」</p>
<p>「Exactly. However we've been so busy dealing with you three, that we failed to realize the other Raydoss agents sneaking around.」</p>

<p>They must have been short on manpower since they were forced to deploy personnel capable of handling Sibylla's party. In that case, I can see why the plot of the Black Skeleton Corps went undetected.</p>

<p>「And then you guys came here to the arena instead of leaving town like planned.」</p>
<p>「We have our own problems.」</p>
<p>「I don't know what you're trying to do, but I'm sure our guildmaster has your collaborator in custody by now. Stop the pointless fighting and surrender.」</p>

<p>The adventurers, including Diaz, had planned to capture Sibylla once they were out of town.</p>

<p>This was probably the reason Diaz had withdrawn from the third-place match. Seeing as Felmus isn't here either, he must be in on that plan as well.</p>

<p>But then Sibylla came this way instead, which threw a wrench in their plans.</p>

<p>「I'm afraid no can do.」</p>
<p>「Oh? You want a fight?」</p>
<p>「You won't let me go if I ask nicely?」</p>
<p>「Of course not.」</p>
<p>「Then we have no choice!」</p>

<p>Sibylla spoke while drawing her sword and unleashing her killing intent. With that, the weaker adventurers were already breathing heavily, unable to move.</p>

<p>But that killing intent didn't go in Hilt's direction.</p>

<p>「Oi. How long are you going to leave the kids here? Get them to safety already! This place is about to turn into a battlefield!」</p>

<p>She was concerned for Kaitly and Nilfe, who were still in Hilt's arms.</p>

<p>「I-I don't need you to tell me that!」</p>

<p>Hilt looked dumbfounded, but quickly led Kaitly and Nilfe away. They should be safe with her.</p>

<p>「T-Thank you very much!」</p>

<p>Sibylla responded to Kaitly's shout with a light wave of her hand. It would be kinda awkward to fight after seeing that, and the adventurers seemed to feel the same way. They have complicated expressions on their faces.</p>

<p>Amidst the adventurers, Elsa took the lead.</p>

<p>「I'll hold Sibylla back. You all get the two others!」</p>
<p>「Haha! Bring it!」</p>
<p>「Doraaaaahhh!」</p>
<p>「We're coming too!」</p>
<p>「Uryah!」</p>

<p>Elsa rushed toward them, swinging his mace. Seeing this, the other adventurers also began to move.</p>

<p>But Dimitris, Ladur, and Hilt have not entered the fray. For the time being, they are probably waiting to see what Sibylla will do.</p>

<p>It's also true that many adventurers are not good at fighting in crowds, making it difficult for them to make a move in a disorderly brawl.</p>

<p>「Master, something's coming.」</p>
<p>『What? T-This is some intense speed……』</p>

<p>Fran muttered as she faced towards the outside of the arena, when I had focused my attention on the battle in front of me. Like she said, I too sensed something approaching us at terrifying speeds.</p>

<p>Since it's coming in a straight line, it must be flying through the air.</p>

<p>Ten seconds later. The identity of the super-fast flying object was revealed.</p>

<p>「Hey, sorry for being a little late. Sibylla-dono.」</p>
<p>「Better late than never, Neidhart.」</p>

<p>A man stood on the roof of the arena, exchanging words with Sibylla. Under his arm was Diaz, unconscious and covered in wounds.</p>

<p>It was the mantis man Neidhart, and he was exuding a level of pressure we had never seen before, even in his fight with Hilt.</p>








