---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 780"
permalink: Tenken/0780.html
categories: Tenken
chapter: 780
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch780">780: Before the Rescue of the East</h2>

<p>With the loss of the knight-type, the antidemons were no longer able to move in an organized manner and began to fight separately.</p>

<p>Swordsman-types could still work in small groups, but they were incapable of any greater cooperation.</p>

<p>『They're just a disorderly mob now.』</p>
<p>（Nn… but it might be a little annoying.）</p>
<p>『I guess so.』</p>

<p>This would help out the dwarves, but not so much for the adventurers.</p>

<p>The previously organized antidemons now lost control and began to move randomly.</p>

<p>Without any thought, they rushed toward Fran's party like grade school children swarming around a soccer ball.</p>

<p>The intensity and density of their attacks might even be greater than before.</p>

<p>This would be fine for Fran, but it was a bit of a problem for the other adventurers, since some of them were injured. It would have been easier on them if the antidemons remained in their defensive formation to protect their commander.</p>

<p>『It might have been a mistake to defeat the knight-type.』</p>
<p>（Nn……）</p>

<p>This was a good lesson for us too. When you are in command, you have to make decisions with others in mind.</p>

<p>「Fran, are there any casualties on your side?」</p>
<p>「No Hilt, we're good.」</p>

<p>Hilt and the others from the north party joined up with us.</p>

<p>「What now? Regroup with Orfalve?」</p>
<p>「I think we should continue east, since the dwarves in the west will be fine without our help. I am also curious to know what is going on over there.」</p>
<p>「I see.」</p>

<p>In the end, they decided to head east through the antidemon hordes. Our goal was to rescue the troops still fighting on that side.</p>

<p>But before we do that, we had better cut down the number of antidemons a little. Now that we know there are no survivors, we can go on a bit of a rampage here.</p>

<p>「I'm gonna do a big attack, so get close.」</p>
<p>「Yeah, that might be a good idea. Everyone gather around Fran!」</p>
<p>「Diggins, you guys too.」</p>
<p>「Got it!」</p>

<p>Diggins was already is his unawakened state. The move that defeated the knight-type must have been a move similar to Fran's Black Lightning Advent.</p>

<p>I saw him revert back to his original form right after defeating the knight-type. Well, that won't be an issue against these small fry.</p>

<p>「Ekato Keraunos!」</p>
<p>『Thunder Zone, and Ekato Keraunos multi-activation!』</p>

<p>After I deployed a barrier blocking thunder magic around ourselves, we launch a series of wide-area thunder spells.</p>

<p>Hundreds of bolts of lightning rained down around us, blowing up the antidemons. Even if they didn't land a direct hit, the lightning bolts exploding the earth caused massive damage to the antidemons.</p>

<p>「Uweh?!」</p>
<p>「H-Holy shit!」</p>
<p>「Hyah!」</p>

<p>Phobos-kun screamed alongside with the adventurers. Or rather, all but Hilt and Colbert voiced their surprise.</p>

<p>The hellish sight of a thunderstorm piercing the earth and obliterating the antidemons must have been quite a shock to them.</p>

<p>The roar shook them down to bone, and combined with the flash that burned their retinas, left them in a state of half-panic. Although I have to say, seeing Diggins trembling like that was not cute in the slightest.</p>

<p>However, they still remembered that Fran created this scene, and eventually came back to their senses.</p>

<p>「As expected from the Black Lightning Princess.」</p>
<p>「That must of done in at least a thousand of them.」</p>
<p>「……Sigh. Calling this "Rank B" has to be some sort of fraud.」</p>
<p>「You can say that again. Fran is way too strong.」</p>
<p>「Y-You think so too?」</p>
<p>「At the very least, I can't claim to be on the same rank as her.」</p>

<p>Hilt and Colbert were busy nodding at each other. Okay. I can admit the rank fraud.</p>

<p>But still, that doesn't give you the right to be all lovey-dovey with each other! Hilt, this is a battlefield! What's that blush on your cheeks! You better not say it's just because of the combat adrenaline, because I'm not buying it!</p>

<p>No, wait a second. If we want to get into Hilt's good books, it might be a good idea to set her up with Colbert. Then we're on the right track! Continue the flirting!</p>

<p>N-Not like I care!</p>

<p>（Master?）</p>
<p>『……Sorry. I got a little excited.』</p>
<p>（Nn. It's been a while since I've killed so many enemies. I had a good time too.）</p>
<p>『Uhh, yeah.』</p>

<p>Fran, you can keep going like that too. Romance can wait until you're much older.</p>

<p>「Okay, we're going east. Diggins will lead the way again.」</p>
<p>「Got it!」</p>
<p>「Phobos, you go to the front too.」</p>
<p>「Y-Yes, ma'am!」</p>

<p>Phobos-kun was looking very motivated. Maybe he wanted to make up for falling behind Diggins earlier.</p>

<p>He was glancing sideways at Diggins and Hilt, half not wanting to lose to Diggins and half terrified of Hilt's wrath.</p>

<p>But can he beat Diggins in such a state of mind? This is a Rank B adventurer who has been fighting in Gordicia for many years.</p>

<p>Just as that thought passed through my mind, Phobos-kun received a scolding from Hilt.</p>

<p>She was chastising Phobos-kun for his dull movements along the way.</p>

<p>「Phobos! You need to focus! If you fail, you will be a burden on our comrades!」</p>
<p>「Y-Yes, ma'am!」</p>
<p>「And why are you comparing yourself to someone so much stronger than you? Diggins-dono is a Rank B adventurer, you know?」</p>
<p>「Y-Y-Yeeees!」</p>

<p>The path eastward was led by Phobos-kun, who was really out of it, and Diggins, who was eager to show Fran his abilities.</p>

<p>We arrived to see an army engaged in a fierce battle with antidemons. There were not more than 500 of them, maybe about 200-300? But there was one unique characteristic of that army.</p>

<p>（Are they all dragonkin?）</p>
<p>『Seems so. Each one of them is pretty strong, and they certainly look the part.』</p>

<p>They all had dragon-like eyes and sharp horns that extended back from above their ears, with scales covering their limbs. Those figures looked just like Frederick, the half evil dragonkin we had met before.</p>

<p>No wait, they looked even more dragon-like than Frederick. I suppose this must be the appearance of full blooded dragonkin.</p>

<p>As far as I could see, all of their frontline fighters were dragonkin too.</p>



