---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 766"
permalink: Tenken/0766.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 766
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch766">766: Antidemon Card</h2>
<p>After leaving the administration council branch office, we went to the Adventurers Guild.</p>

<p>It was a huge building at the end of the harbor. It seems to have lodging facilities as well, so it would need to be this big. They are in charge of managing all the adventurers here.</p>

<p>According to William, "Unlike the center of the port where there are many soldiers, this place is full of ruffians. Be careful."</p>

<p>Many of the adventurers on this continent have their own reasons for staying here, such as just being battle-hungry or because they caused an incident that made it difficult for them to remain in their home country.</p>

<p>There was no way that a place where such people gathered could be classy.</p>

<p>「Gyahahahaha!」</p>
<p>「Cheers!」</p>
<p>「Lucky bastard!」</p>
<p>「You want a fight?!」</p>

<p>The noise from the bar attached to the guild was so damn loud. However, a faint smile appeared on Fran's face, overwriting her face from thinking about Castel.</p>

<p>Fran is already a full adventurer. She seems to feel more at home in this crude and dirty guild than in the clean and beautiful harbor.</p>

<p>「Ah? Why is there a kid here?」</p>
<p>「Hey. Who the fuck is she? Did I get too drunk?」</p>

<p>The adventurers at the guild counter looked puzzled at the sight of Fran. Some were rubbing their eyes.</p>

<p>Rather than trying to pick a fight, they looked more as if they couldn't understand why such a child would be in the Adventurers Guild on the continent of Gordicia.</p>

<p>On other continents, it is possible for aspiring adventurers from the neighborhood to come into the guild. But such a thing would never happen on this continent, since practically no civilians lived here.</p>

<p>Besides, Fran was clearly dressed as an adventurer. It was clear to everyone that she didn't come here to play.</p>

<p>Fran walked past the still bewildered adventurers and arrived at the counter.</p>

<p>「Hey…」</p>
<p>「Eh? Oh yes, welcome!」</p>

<p>The receptionist hurriedly responded. But, like the adventurers, she too looked puzzled.</p>

<p>「Y-You're an adventurer, right?」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>As expected, children as young as Fran were rare here.</p>

<p>「I see. So you're hunting antidemons? Did you come to this continent alone?」</p>
<p>「I've been requested by a country, but I've been told I'm free to do whatever after helping out first.」</p>
<p>「What? Was there a country that offers such favorable conditions?」</p>

<p>Indeed, the contract seemed too good to be true for adventurers, which is rare outside of the Kingdom of Belioth.</p>

<p>「So, I heard that I can get a request here.」</p>
<p>「Yes, that's right. We generally send help to villages and forts in need. We also receive requests to participate in the operations of various nations, and requests from royalty and nobility.」</p>
<p>「Countries hire adventurers here?」</p>
<p>「Quite often. They lose troops while staying here, or sometimes break up with the adventurers they had previously hired.」</p>
<p>「I see. But I don't want to be employed by a country.」</p>

<p>It didn't surprise the receptionist to hear that she does not want to be employed by a country. I bet many adventurers are like that.</p>

<p>「In that case, your main job would be to hunt antidemons and help out villages in need.」</p>

<p>Since antidemons eat up all the medicinal herbs, there were almost no requests to collect them. However, this didn't mean that there were no delivery requests.</p>

<p>Apparently they will pay a high price for hunting ordinary animals for food. Not even magical beasts, normal animals.</p>

<p>Of course, antidemons also eat animals, but they generally target humans if they are present. Animals are apparently actually pretty common on the continent, especially in areas close to the barrier.</p>

<p>「Even if you do not accept a request, we recommend that you make an antidemon card.」</p>
<p>「Antidemon card? Like an adventurer's card?」</p>
<p>「Yes, that's right. If you make an antidemon card, it will detect the antidemons you have killed and automatically tally up how much you have contributed to the antidemon hunt.」</p>
<p>「Oh, that's great. I'd love to have one.」</p>
<p>「Very well. Then I will make it right――」</p>
<p>「Gyahaha! A kid like you doesn't need an antidemon card!」</p>
<p>「You'll die soon anyway!」</p>
<p>「Mrgh.」</p>

<p>Fran was about to apply for the card when a drunk adventurer interrupted. He seems to be pretty smashed, since he can barely walk straight.</p>

<p>The drunken adventurers had moved all the way from the bar to the counter, just to look down at Fran with grins on their reddened faces.</p>

<p>One seemed as if he was about to reach his hand out to Fran. The girl at the reception desk looked on nervously.</p>

<p>Fran, on the other hand…… was clearly happy to see this. Just when she was starting to get a little irritated, she found someone to help her relieve her stress.</p>

<p>「Ah? What the fuck is so funny?」</p>

<p>Fran's smile became wider when she saw the adventurer getting angry for no real reason.</p>

<p>It can't be helped. Let's allow Fran to relieve some of her stress. Don't worry, we won't leave any scars.</p>

<p>「Hey, stop it! You'll scare the newcomer!」</p>
<p>「Ha-ha-ha! This little brat is――」</p>
<p>「What the fucking hell are you idiots doing?」</p>
<p>「Bwagr!」</p>
<p>「Bugyah!」</p>

<p>Fran was about to take a step forward when… the drunks were blown away. The one responsible was a dwarf who came running out from the back of the guild.</p>

<p>「Hah, hah…… You damn idiots! Pick a fight only when you know their strength!」</p>

<p>The dwarf gasped for breath, then shouted with a pathetic look on his face.</p>
 
<p>「I'm the one who has to fix this now, you incompetent dimwits!」</p>

<p>That's a hell of a rant.</p>

<p>「……」</p>
<p>「Eh? W-What are you glaring at me for?」</p>
<p>「It's nothing.」</p>
<p>「Umm, I-I was just trying to help…… N-Not really sure why, but sorry? I'm Dalho, the guildmaster here.」</p>

<p>I thought he would be important, but it turns out he's the guildmaster!</p>



