---
layout: post
title:  "Tenken Chapter 757"
permalink: Tenken/0757.html
categories: Tenken
chapter: 757
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch757">757: Amanda and Her Children</h2>

<p>「Their names were Kinan and Framea, and the child's name was Fran.」</p>
<p>「!」</p>
<p>『Eh? Ehhh!?』</p>

<p>Come on now. Here I was going on about how they were similar to Fran's parents or Fran herself. They literally were her parents!</p>

<p>Kinan and Framea… I've heard those names before, the names of Fran's parents that she told me about once. To be honest, I never delved too deeply into that subject because I was afraid of reopening old wounds……</p>

<p>『S-So they're……!』</p>
<p>「Yes, they are Fran-chan's parents. They grew up in my orphanage.」</p>

<p>Amanda told us the whole story.</p>

<p>Kinan and Framea's childhood. The two naughty children leapt out of Amanda's hands and, after an arduous journey, reappeared before her again. In their hands they held a newborn baby.</p>

<p>「When they came back to show me Fran-chan, I was overcome with joy as if she was my own daughter. After that, we exchanged letters. Maybe about once a year or so?」</p>

<p>Because Kinan and Framea were traveling, Amanda could not send them letters. She had to sit and wait for their letters to arrive.</p>

<p>「Still, when I heard that they had settled down in a village, it was a great relief. Although my feelings were mixed too.」</p>
<p>「Mixed? Why?」</p>
<p>「The village was in a dangerous place, although I'm sure they had their circumstances……」</p>

<p>I think what she really wanted was for Fran's parents to quit adventuring and come back. I could tell from the tone of her voice.</p>

<p>However, she respected their will, and did not bring them back.</p>

<p>「Even now, I sometimes wonder if I should have forced them to return…… If I had brought them back, they might be alive today.」</p>

<p>Amanda's eyes were red as she turned her head slightly and muttered.</p>

<p>「I didn't recognize you when we first met, but after talking to you for a while, I understood that you were the baby from that time.」</p>
<p>「Why…… didn't you tell me?」</p>
<p>「I'm sorry, I was just scared. Scared that their child would say it was my fault……」</p>

<p>Maybe it's the guilt that makes her think that way. After she had known Fran better, she would know Fran would never say such a thing. But for someone she didn't know well, she couldn't help but feel uneasy.</p>

<p>「I wouldn't!」</p>
<p>「Fran-chan……」</p>
<p>「Mom and Dad lived and died on their own, like adventurers. So it's not your fault.」</p>

<p>Adventurers are responsible for themselves. Every consequence is the result of his or her own actions. Whether for good, or for bad.</p>

<p>This is hell for those who do not pride themselves as adventurers. But for those who do have that pride, it was a life of freedom, unbound by anyone and anything.</p>

<p>It's perfectly fine to lament an adventurer's death. But it would be an insult to the adventurer to blame someone else for their death.</p>

<p>Fran's words comforted Amanda, but at the same time, denied her.</p>

<p>Amanda rubbed her eyes lightly and bowed her head to Fran.</p>

<p>「I'm sorry…… I know. Those kids lived a good life, as full-fledged adventurers, using their own power.」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>
<p>「Now that I've seen you, I can be sure they were great adventurers.」</p>
<p>「Me?」</p>
<p>「Yes, you. I knew that when I first met you, that although small, you were a true adventurer. That's why I didn't try to take you in as your guardian.」</p>

<p>This is the woman who raised Fran's parents. If you think about it that way, she would have the right to take Fran in as her legal guardian.</p>

<p>She must have thought about coming forward and taking Fran into her care.</p>

<p>But Amanda did not.</p>

<p>「So…… I decided to be your wall, rather than your guardian. I wouldn't go as far to call myself your teacher, but I wanted to protect you in my own way.」</p>

<p>She would watch over her not as a guardian, but as a senior adventurer. Sometimes accompanying her on quests, sometimes blocking her path as an enemy, trying to show Fran important lessons.</p>

<p>If Fran died somewhere along the way, Amanda would surely regret it for the rest of her life. Even so, Amanda did not try to force herself into the role of Fran's guide.</p>

<p>That was because she recognized Fran as a capable adult.</p>

<p>「Amanda…… Thank you.」</p>
<p>「I have to thank you too… for surviving.」</p>
<p>「……Nn…」</p>

<p>There was a faint glint in Fran's eyes as Amanda gently hugged her. It wasn't exactly like a hug with her mother or grandmother, but it still felt like a hug between family members.</p>

<p>「……Mom and Dad always said that black cats could evolve……」</p>
<p>「Yeah.」</p>
<p>「I became a slave, lost my name, and then I could barely remember their faces…… So I really wanted to evolve. Otherwise, I think I would have completely forgotten them.」</p>
<p>『Fran……』</p>

<p>Fran always said she wanted to follow in her parents' footsteps, but I didn't ask her too much about the reasons behind that.</p>

<p>I thought it was a natural goal for her, since evolution was important to the beastmen of this world.</p>

<p>But that was not all it was.</p>

<p>Evolution was the last remaining bond Fran had with her parents. As long as she was pursuing evolution, she felt like they would always remain with her.</p>

<p>『I'm so sorry Fran…… I didn't realize that at all……!』</p>
<p>「No! It's not your fault, Master! I only just realized it now…… The real reason why I wanted to evolve……」</p>
<p>『But……』</p>
<p>「It's okay. Besides, I evolved thanks to you. Mom and Dad would be happy.」</p>
<p>『……Is that right?』</p>
<p>「Absolutely.」</p>
<p>『Yeah…… I guess so.』</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>Fran didn't want any apology. Then I won't apologize any more.</p>

<p>「…Master, let me thank you too. It's because of you that Fran-chan can still smile… and I'm sure Kinan and Framea are smiling right now too.」</p>
<p>『……I hope so.』</p>
<p>「I'm sure they are. I really want to introduce Master to Mom and Dad. But they don't even have a grave……」</p>
<p>「No, there is a grave.」</p>
<p>「Eh?」</p>
<p>「I wasn't able to find their bodies, but I did make a small grave for them with their belongings.」</p>
<p>「I didn't know.」</p>
<p>「I wanted to tell you this earlier, but I didn't have the courage. I'm sorry.」</p>
<p>「No, that's fine. Tell me where the graves are now.」</p>
<p>「Yes, of course. The name of the village is Castel. I'll show you where it is…」</p>

<p>Amanda pulled out a map of some island that looked almost like a complete circle. She pointed to a part on that map.</p>

<p>It was indeed a point marked "Castel".</p>

<p>『What is this place?』</p>
<p>「This is a map of the continent of Gordicia.」</p>
<p>『What? So Castel is located inside of Gordicia……?』</p>
<p>「Right. Fran-chan's parents lived in a special village built on the continent of Gordicia. Their graves are there too.」</p>
<p>「Castel…… I've heard of it…… Maybe?」</p>

<p>I don't know if it was the effects of being enslaved or because she was so young, but it seems Fran couldn't remember clearly where she had once lived.</p>

<p>「Gordicia is a dangerous place, but I'm sure you'll be fine. After all, you're an experienced adventurer, just as good as me.」</p>
<p>「Nn!」</p>












