---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1321"
permalink: Tenken/1321.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1321
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>Side Story 2: Undersea Dungeon 01</h2>

Six months passed since the incident in Raydoss, and a lot has changed in the meantime.

The biggest reason being that Fran was now a Rank S adventurer.

No matter which Adventurers Guild we went to, everyone recognized us immediately. And for a while, they even turned our visit into some sort of makeshift festival and started partying in the guild's tavern.

This was supposedly their way of welcoming Fran, but honestly, it's just an excuse to get free drinks. Well, Fran actually liked those noisy parties more than you'd expect, so she was pretty happy.

We arrived in Bulbora around noon, and as usual, the town threw a huge party for her. It was night by the time we finally arrived at our inn.

Our room was basically a fancy suite, the type that nobles usually stayed at. Not that it stopped Fran and Urushi from diving onto the bed.

The inn staff treated us with the utmost hospitality. After all, Fran was a hero to both Bulbora and the entire country of Kranzel. They even refused to accept payment for the room.

That was over half a year ago, but I guess the events are still fresh in their minds.

Fran and Urushi approached the window and looked out at the moonlit harbor. The port had made a complete recovery, so a brand-new pier and several large ships lined the shore.

I can see why this view is one of the inn's selling points.

However, it seems they were not looking at the scenery.

「Do you hear something?」

「Woof?」

『What's wrong?』

Fran and Urushi perked up their ears, focusing on the sounds outside. All I can hear is the normal stuff, like the townspeople and the waves. What's going on...?

「Someone is calling us.」

「Woof.」

『Huh? You guys are hearing something?』

「Nn.」

Apparently, Fran and Urushi heard a voice calling out to them. Only after sharpening my senses did I notice a faint pulse of mana.

Someone must be trying to contact Fran and Urushi via telepathy. Whoever they are, they probably don't know that I'm here too.

「What do we do?」

『Hmm, that sounds really sketchy... Do you sense any malice or hostility?』

「Nn...? Maybe more like arrogance?」

So the voice is speaking in a commanding tone, as if it is superior to us? That only makes them more suspicious.

『Let's just ignor——』

「Woof woof!」

『Huh? Urushi, you want to go?』

「Woof!」

Urushi, currently the size of a medium dog, started clinging onto Fran and me, expressing his desire to go. It seems he wanted to follow the telepathic call.

「I'm curious too.」

『You too, Fran? Fine, but be careful... Get ready to retreat at any moment.』

「Nn!」

「Woof!」

Thus, we headed to the harbor as indicated by the voice. I still couldn't hear anything, but apparently, the voice kept saying "Yes, this way" and "Come closer" as we approached.

We ended up on top of a stone breakwater, several meters away from the shore. It was pretty much at the very edge of Bulbora's enormous harbor.

Jumping over was easy enough for Fran, but your average adventurer would have a rough time even getting here.

Whoever is calling us must know Fran and Urushi's abilities.

However, there was no one else in sight. I searched around with my detection skills, thinking they were hiding somewhere, but I found nothing... No wait, there's something lurking in the sea.

The presence seemed to be suppressing its mana, but I could tell that it was strong.

Suddenly, Fran performed a small nod.

「Got it.」

『Huh? Got what?』

(They said they're coming out now, so don't attack.)

In an instant, the underwater entity surfaced with a huge splash. It was a vaguely wolf-shaped creature over 20 meters in length.

There was only fur on its mane and parts of its face. The rest of its body was covered in shiny blue-green scales, and fins protruded from its back and the tip of its tail.

I guess this is what a wolf might look like if it evolved to live in water?

The creature's body started glowing, so I focused my mana in preparation for an attack. However, I sensed a lack of hostility in the creature's mana.

From atop the breakwater, we watched as the creature gradually shrank in size. This must be the effect of a size adjustment skill, similar to Urushi's.

After shrinking to the size of a large dog, it kicked off the water's surface and climbed up onto the breakwater.

「Excuse me for the wait, kin to the Divine Wolf.」

Contrary to its rugged appearance, the creature's voice was cool and androgynous.

「...? Divine Wolf?」

「Indeed. I can sense the power of Fenrir-sama from the sword you carry. And from your familiar as well.」

Oh? Does this guy have a connection to Fenrir-san?

「Who are you?」

「I am 'Silent Sea', kin to the Sea God Dragon, Leviathan-sama.」

「Leviathan! I remember them!」

Leviathan. The divine beast of the sea who appeared when we were cornered by the Midgardsormr. Then, it wiped out the monster we were struggling with in a single blow. Its transcendental power would surely be engraved on my memory forever. 

「I have heard about you from my master as well.」

Huh, so Leviathan remembers us too? Actually, it probably just sensed the presence of Fenrir-san, a fellow divine beast, within me. That's the only reason it would remember our brief encounter.

「I have come bearing a request for you two... Girl who carries the Divine Wolf's blade, and the black wolf who is kin to the Divine Wolf.」

「Request?」

The kin of a divine beast is coming to us with a request? No matter how you look at it, this can only end in trouble...

「Indeed. A rather troublesome dungeon has appeared under the sea. I want your assistance in conquering it.」

「A dungeon!」

Oh no, he's got Fran's interest. We're probably not getting out of this one...

Just look at her eyes. They're practically sparkling.



