---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 857"
permalink: Tenken/0857.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 857
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>857: Wangon and Gephe</h2>

When we arrived at the scene of the beastmen-dragonkin war, we saw a large number of outlaws. There were probably more than 50 in total, two groups facing each other in a square about 20 meters in diameter.

It seemed to be about 20 vs 30, with the dragonkin outnumbering the beastmen.

We climbed up onto one of the buildings surrounding the plaza and looked down from there.

From about 20 meters away, we could clearly see the lineup.

The beastmen had apparently set up a wall to protect the entrance to one of the buildings.

The dragonkin were positioned in the center of the plaza, surrounding the beastmen.

Both sides were still shouting and cursing at each other, like a bunch of Showa-era delinquents spitting at each other in an empty lot.

「Drulay isn't here.」

『Yeah, but Velmeria and Frederick are.』

「Nn.」

I could see the two standing near the edge of the dragonkin, keeping out of sight as much as possible.

Those guys were infiltrating the Dragon King Syndicate to get information from them, so they would be among the first to notice a conflict like this.

They probably wanted the other dragonkin to stop, but any significant actions could make them lose all credibility within the Dragon King Syndicate. Therefore, they couldn't run away and had no choice but to stay silent.

It seems like we won't be able to ask for their help in stopping the battle.

If only Gazzol and Drulay were here. They might have listened to us.

Leading the beastmen was a red dogkin, a warrior with a greatsword on his back. I could tell even from here that he was quite strong.

「Hey you dumbass lizards! This is the territory of the Beastmen Union! What the fuck are you all doing here?」

「We know you've got one of our pals in there. We just want him back!」

「What? How the hell did you even come to that!」

「Don't lie to me, fucking puppy! We've already got proof, so stop your yapping and bring him out!」

「Ah? You're a real asshole, aren't you? You do realize that you're speaking to Wangon-sama, the second seat of the Bloodfang Brigade? Better bow your head now, and maybe I'll let you off the hook.」

I thought he looked strong, but it turns out he was the second seat of the Bloodfang Brigade. In other words, he should be superior to Drulay.

In fact, I felt the intense aura of intimidation all the way over here.

However, the dragonkin standing at the front showed no signs of fear towards Wangon. Oh, I guess he was a half-dragonkin rather than a full dragonkin.

We learned that dragonkin do not discriminate against half-dragonkin after coming to this continent, but this was the first time I had seen a half-dragonkin leading other dragonkin.

Though he was a gentle looking man with black hair, he sweared constantly in his argument with Wangon. I can only hope Fran doesn't pick up any of those words from them...

「That's my line, fucking idiot! Puppy boy here hop on his back and surrender! Then I, Gephe-sama, will pat your belly!」

So he was Gazzol's colleague, the Gephe of the "Evil Way". I wonder what he had to do to earn that nickname though.

「That's the Evil Way?」

『Yeah, a half-dragonkin. And it looks like he's a half-evil dragonkin, just like Frederick. Maybe that's where his nickname came from.』

「I can't wait to see how he fights.」

Fran muttered with a slightly excited look on her face.

She seemed mainly concerned about Gephe and Wangon's fighting skills. But if we were to get a good look at their strength, several people would probably end up dead.

『...You know we're trying to get them to stop, right?』

「Oh.」

That's the face of someone who completely forgot.

While I was thinking that, a loud shout rang up from the square.

「I'll kill you!」

「Just fucking try me! You're the ones dying here!」

The two men started boosting their magic power rapidly.

『Crap! Fran!』

「Nn!」

Wangon jumped in and swung down his greatsword, as Gephe leaned forward while thrusting his spear. Both attacks were aimed to kill.

If either one of them gets hits, it would start a full-blown war. We used our magic on the spur of the moment.

「Huh? What?」

「Magic!」

The strikes from the two both diverted from their targets.

Fran and I had put up wind barriers between the two, blocking both their attacks. I made four layers, while Fran made two.

We put a lot of mana into it, so those won't be easy to break through.

The dragonkin and beastman looked confused as their strikes got repelled by the barrier.

After glancing at their surroundings once, they returned their stares to their opponent.

Since they didn't manage to detect us, they must have thought it was the work of their enemy.

「Damn lizards! Already lost the nerve to fight me!?」

「Ah? That's my fucking line you little dipshit!」

Yeah, I guess they're not going to let up just because the first attack got blocked... Maybe we can keep the two sides divided like this and wait for their heads to cool?

But Wangon and Gephe proved to be much more capable than we thought.

「Awakening!」

「Dragon Form!」

Of course, both of them were evolved. Are they trying to break through our barriers? But it'll take more than a few hits to break those down!

Though we were confident in the durability of our barriers, it seems they had confidence in themselves as well. Both of them grinned at the same time, taking their respective stances.

『Fine! Bring it on!』

Just let me throw in a little reinforcement just in case. I casted another wind spell to add four more layers of shields.




