---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 841"
permalink: Tenken/0841.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 841
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>841: Fran's Impatience</h2>

 Fran smiled like a predator. No doubt she planned to beat the information out of the thugs picking a fight with her.

 But I disagreed with that approach. If we caused a ruckus and got kicked out of here, we might never be able to come back.

 However, I can understand why Fran was in such a hurry.

 Her period in slavery must have been that harsh and miserable. Just the thought that there were people somewhere being sold into slavery was enough to make her lose her composure and go out of control.

 That said, it's still not a good idea to start a commotion here. I rushed to stop Fran.

「Fran, calm down!」

「Master?」

「Jeez, I told you to wait……!」

 I intervened between Fran and the thugs, covering for them. Not that those guys were thankful at all.

「What the hell, man?」

「Outta of my fucking way.」

 They gave me some fierce stares. I knew it would turn out like this, but they weren't able to sense my strength. They looked ready to punch me in the face.

 Not that their fists would do much damage. I made my body much stronger this time, so I'm sure it's at least around the level of a Rank C adventurer.

 Yeah, I made a body double to stop Fran.

 I had to create it outside the bar and rush in as fast as I could. Thank goodness there was no one at the entrance.

『Fran! I know how you feel, but don't do this alone!』

（……But……）

『No buts! Listen to me! If these thugs were part of a big organization, the whole town could turn against us, okay?』

（……）

『There was a saying in my past life, "slow and steady wins the race". Even if you're in a rush, taking the safe route will get us to our goal faster than risking dangerous shortcuts. I know how much you want to find the illegal slavers. But if they go into hiding after you cause a huge scene, how will you save the captured slaves then?』

（……Nn.）

 After the stricter than usual scolding, Fran understood how terrible her mistake was.

（Master…… But……）

『I'll take care of this.』

（……）

『Just try to calm down for now. Okay?』

（Okay…… I'm sorry.）

 Fran's deadly temper dissipated completely.

 She was now aware that she had been out of control, and clearly felt sorry about it. But I can't coddle her here.

 I have to play the villain and give Fran a proper punishment.

『Only one plate of curry a day for the next ten days!』

（Master!）

（Woof!）

『No making that face, you two!』

 Fran fell into despair, but this was the only way to let her know the extent of my anger. Her shoulders slumped downwards.

 Now I have to figure out how to deal with the thugs.

 While I was telling Fran off, my body double was busy quieting down the thugs. Thanks, Parallel Processing skill.

 My body double explained how Fran was looking for someone and came here to ask about them, and that we were sorry for making a scene.

「I'm sure this girl has been a bit rude, but can you let her off the hook this time?」

 I put my arms around the shoulders of the thugs who had approached me, and applied a light pressure. Their faces changed color.

 They couldn't even tell when I had put my arms around them, and also felt a lot more pressure than they had been expecting.

 I activated my grappling skills to lock them into a hold. And yet, I also made sure that they didn't feel any pain.

 It seems that the thugs now understood the difference in power, immediately falling silent. That should keep them quiet for a while.

 Finally, I took out a gold coin and put it in front of the bartender.

「Let me buy everyone here a drink.」

「「「Woooh!!」」」

 No one can hate someone who buys you a drink for free. That goes for any bar.

 The onlookers listening to the conversation cheered. At the same time, they all raised their mugs and waved them lightly at me. It seems they have accepted the newcomer who understood the rules of etiquette.

 With this, the goons can't pick a fight with us any more. After all, everyone here would become their enemies if they tried. If anyone offended us, they would have to say goodbye to their free drinks.

 There might be people coming after our money when we leave, but we should be fine as long as we're inside the bar.

 Now I have to figure out how to get the info……

 After looking around the bar, I spotted a beastman. In the midst of this noisy bar, there was an elderly beastman sitting quietly in the corner and sipping a little bit of his drink.

 But he was quite strong, the higher half of Rank C. If he had been evolved, he would be Rank B for sure. And yet, he was not intimidating at all.

 He blended in unobtrusively with his surroundings.

 This was a rare type of beastman. A normal beastman this strong would be releasing his aura to display his supremacy.

 I think he's a dog-type because of those ears?

「Fran, Urushi, wait here.」

「……Nn.」

「……Arf.」

 The one curry plate limit must have hit them pretty hard. Fran remained slumped into her chair, with Urushi collapsed at her side.

 The bartender, despite not interfering with the thugs at all, even offered them some nuts as a snack.

 Fran was stuffing herself with those nuts, so I'm sure she'll recover after a while.

 I left the counter by myself and approached the table where the (probably) dog beastman was drinking. I wasn't concealing my presence at all, so he noticed me instantly.

 He didn't run away, just quietly sipping his cup as usual.

「Hey, I'm sorry for making a scene earlier. My girl got a little ahead of herself.」

「Uh-huh.」

「You've got a good vibe, dude.」

「……You too.」

 We were both staring at each other, trying to determine the other's worth. I knew it. He could sense my strength instantly, without getting nervous. Instead, he was calmly trying to decide if I was friend or foe.

「You see, I'm actually looking for someone. Did you happen to know anyone with info on that kinda stuff?」

「Why are you asking me?」

「Because if you don't know, no one else will. The bartender seemed unwilling to tell me.」

「……」

 The man looked at me probingly, trying to figure out my intentions.

 Let's see what he thinks of us. Will he ignore us, become hostile? Or will he be friendly?

「So?」

「……」



