---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 852"
permalink: Tenken/0852.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 852
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>852: Blue Cat Grudges</h2>

Fran instantly took out the blue cats that picked a fight with her. She didn't kill them, and she didn't even need to use a weapon.

While it was clearly their fault, we would get into trouble for causing bloodshed in the residential district. Fran wanted nothing more than to cut them apart, but I managed to convince her to use her fists instead.

The blue cats fell to the ground after Fran's murderous intent packed punch, vomiting up gastric juices. They lost consciousness, twitching and convulsing.

That probably crushed their internal organs and ribs, but they'll live.

「What do we do with them?」

Fran asked me, looking down at the two blue cats with cold eyes.

No doubt she wanted to beat the info out of them right away, but she also knew that this was not the right place to do it.

『Let's take them into the alley first, then get this over fast.』

It's not like we could drag them back to our room, and I couldn't think of any other good places around here.

I considered asking Velmeria and Frederick for help, but bringing too much attention might get them in trouble.

We had no choice but to finish the interrogation as quickly as possible.

After throwing the blue cats into an alley, we used Urushi's dark magic and my wind magic to block them off from the outside world.

Since they couldn't talk in their current condition, I used a weaker heal to fix them up. Then, they finally woke up after Urushi licked their faces.

「What the fuck is th――Gyaaah!」

「Ahhhhh! A monster!」

They should have still been seriously injured despite my healing, but their fear of Urushi must of won out over the pain.

Well, not that it could be helped with such a huge wolf suddenly appearing in front of them. Moreover, the blue cats must have thought he was ready to take a bite out of them at any moment.

They were stunned, lying on their backs, desperately crawling away to keep their distance from Urushi. Unfortunately for them, they soon found a wall behind their backs, so they couldn't move any further.

Fran called out to the still panicked men.

「Oi!」

「Huh? What! You're...!」

「That fucking weak――」

「Hmph.」

「Gehaaah!」

The blue cat was about to say "weak cat" before getting blown away by Fran's kick. His back slammed against the wall, making him lose consciousness again.

The other one froze at the sight of Fran knocking out a grown man with a single, seemingly light kick. He must have finally understood that she was not the girl she seemed to be.

「Are you black market slavers?」

「What? Why the hell should I――Gyeeeeh!」

「Don't talk back to me. Answer the question.」

「...!」

After getting electrocuted, the blue cat looked up at Fran with astonishment in his eyes.

But this was not simply surprise at Fran's strength.

「Black Lightning Princess...?」

「Nn?」

「A little black cat bitch with a wolf... There's no doubt about it!」

It looks like he knew about Fran, and more than that.

Still sitting with his back against the wall, the blue cat's eyes now glared up at Fran with pure hatred.

I could understand if Fran was the one glaring at the blue cats with those eyes, but this situation made no sense to me.

The blue cat clearly had a deep seated grudge. There was more to it than just the anger at getting beaten up just now.

「You know about me?」

「...You're the fucking brat who cozied up to the Beast King and brought down the blue cat race! It's all your fault that the blue cats have fallen...!」

「?」

「Why are we the ones at fault?! All we did is turn you worthless scum into cash like we've always have been doing! We're the ones giving value to you meaningless pieces of garbage!」

「...Hmph.」

「Gwuh...! Don't you fucking black cats look down on us! You should be grovelling beneath us!」

Even after getting smacked in the face by Fran's fist, the blue cat remained defiant. Rather, his words only grew louder.

「Those other shit races are just as guilty! They've been tolerating our actions this entire time, and now they call us criminals? They say we don't belong here anymore? Are you fucking kidding me? All of those bastards have been profiting off the trade too!」

「Shut up already.」

「We captured the black cats under the order of the previous Beast King! And now they want us to stop? We need show the black cats some respect? I'm having none of this shit! You trash cats are just a defective race that doesn't deserve to exist!」

「...Shh!」

「Gyaaah!」

It seems Fran finally reached the end of her patience. She cut off the blue cat's right leg and stepped on the wound. The blue cat screamed as he writhed in pain.

「Shut up.」

「Fuck you all...! Every last one of you deserves to be enslave――Gugah!」

We tortured him for a bit after that, but the blue cat showed no signs of changing his attitude. We could continue until he finally broke if we had more time, but I don't think we do.

『Fine. It doesn't look like he's going to talk straight, so let's wake up the other one and ask him instead.』

（Okay.）

I learned from him that the blue cats also had a lot of their own hardships. But honestly, cry me a river.

They've been harassing and enslaving the black cats for years, and refused to stop even after the slave trade got officially outlawed. There's not much room for sympathy.

If they were blue cats just living in peace and suffering from the reputation of their race, maybe I would care... But definitely not these two.

『Then let's take that guy and――』

「Mrgh?」

「Grr!」

The guy who had been screaming already passed out, so we were about to wake up the one that got kicked unconscious. But suddenly...

Fran braced herself and Urushi growled as well.

『There's someone there!』

「I didn't notice at all.」

To our surprise, there was someone standing right outside the wards of darkness and wind we had set up. It's not like we were completely focused on the blue cats either.

And yet, that presence showed up without our noticing. They either had amazing stealth skills or were capable of teleportation. Either way, this was not an opponent to be taken lightly.

『They're coming!』

Just as I shouted out the warning, our barrier got blown away, revealing the newcomer in front of us.

「You've been having a ton of fun in our territory, eh? I heard the guild's been sniffing around for us Bloodfang Brigade members... And they sent you too, huh?!」



