---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 800"
permalink: Tenken/0800.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 800
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2 id="ch800">800: Fran's Prank</h2>

<p>Fran had finished telling the story of what happened to her, but there was something important she left unsaid.</p>

<p>Or rather, how could she not mention the most important thing?</p>

<p>『Don't you want to talk about evolution?』</p>
<p>（I'll do it now and surprise her.）</p>
<p>『I see.』</p>
<p>（Nn!）</p>

<p>We are currently still using the Evolution Cloaking skill. It's also supposed to help mask signs of our presence, but I don't know how effective it actually is.</p>

<p>A beastman can normally tell if another beastman has evolved just by looking at them.</p>

<p>That's why I had the thought that evolved beastmen emit some kind of substance or force that other beastmen can sense.</p>

<p>I don't know if the antidemons can sniff it out too, but I've been keeping Evolution Cloaking active just in case, even if it only helps slightly.</p>

<p>Even after meeting Nadia, I have not deactivated it yet.</p>

<p>Because of this, Nadia was unaware of Fran's evolution.</p>

<p>Fran had been keeping quiet so far in order to surprise Nadia. It was rare to see Fran show this much childishness to someone other than me.</p>

<p>Just goes to show how close she is to Nadia.</p>

<p>To be honest, I think this might be a little too extreme to be called a prank……</p>

<p>「Actually, I still have another secret.」</p>
<p>「Huh, another secret? It can't be bigger than the one about Master being a failed divine sword, right?」</p>
<p>「It's as big of a secret as that one.」</p>
<p>『Nah, as much as it pains me to say it, I think you'll be even more surprised by this one.』</p>

<p>Not much can beat me when it comes to containing national-security level secrets, but evolution will be a much bigger surprise to any black cat.</p>

<p>『I'm sure you'll scream in surprise.』</p>
<p>「That's right.」</p>
<p>「R-Really?」</p>

<p>Nadia's face contorted slightly.</p>

<p>It wasn't the nervousness of hearing important information. She must be feeling some kind of pressure to give a big reaction.</p>

<p>Her line of thinking was obvious, "If I don't react properly, Fran might get disappointed." Kinda my fault there, sorry.</p>

<p>Well, there will be no need to put on a false reaction anyway.</p>

<p>「Master.」</p>
<p>『Got it.』</p>

<p>Then, just as I canceled the Evolution Cloaking, Nadia stood up with a tremendous force, making the bed creak loudly.</p>

<p>「……!」</p>

<p>She was left speechless.</p>

<p>「……!!」</p>

<p>She stared at Fran with her eyes open to the limit, her mouth continuously moving like a goldfish panting from lack of oxygen.</p>

<p>「……Ah!」</p>
<p>「Black cats can evolve.」</p>
<p>「Oh…… Oh my god!」</p>

<p>Nadia shouted, ruffling her own hair. Her dizzy steps as she walked towards Fran were so unsteady that it made me feel a bit sorry for her.</p>

<p>「You've really…… evolved……」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>
<p>「Ha… Haha……」</p>

<p>Nadia collapsed to her knees in front of Fran. She slowly reached out and cupped Fran's cheeks between her hands. Their eyes were now on the same level.</p>

<p>Then she cried again.</p>

<p>「Oh……」</p>

<p>The tears flowed silently but steadily.</p>

<p>「So we weren't failures then?」</p>
<p>「Nn! Of course not.」</p>

<p>Nadia was in tears for a while, but after a few minutes she stood up excitedly.</p>

<p>「Hahahaha! That was great! Amazing! You sure got me good!」</p>
<p>「Hehe.」</p>
<p>「How did you evolve?」</p>
<p>「Killing fiends.」</p>
<p>『You have to give her a bit more than that.』</p>

<p>On behalf of Fran, I told Nadia the conditions for black cats to evolve. Nadia's feelings were mixed.</p>

<p>「So that would be impossible as long as I'm in Gordicia?」</p>
<p>「Nn.」</p>

<p>Nadia was born and raised on the continent of Gordicia, so she had never seen a fiend in person.</p>

<p>Not even a mere goblin.</p>

<p>「I have to go to another continent……?」</p>

<p>Nadia let out a confused mutter. At her age, it must take a lot of courage to venture outside the continent she called home. She would have to weigh that against evolution, the goal of every member of her race.</p>

<p>「And how is it that I couldn't tell you were evolved until just now?」</p>
<p>「Because of Master.」</p>
<p>『I have a skill that allows me to hide her evolution.』</p>
<p>「A skill like that exists? It's like you were made to be Fran's sword.」</p>

<p>To tell you the truth, I only got this skill after Fran evolved, but I can however agree that I am the perfect sword for Fran.</p>

<p>「But that's not all. I evolved because of Master.」</p>
<p>「Is that so?」</p>
<p>「Nn. It's also thanks to Master that I know what it takes to evolve.」</p>

<p>When Fran nodded her head, Nadia suddenly turned serious. She was staring at me.</p>

<p>Then Nadia bowed her head deeply.</p>

<p>「Master-dono, on behalf of all the black cats of the world, I must thank you.」</p>
<p>『H-Hey, raise your head. You don't need to bow to me.』</p>
<p>「Fufufu. Sorry, but I truly mean it. The other black cats don't even know who you are, right? So I'm the one who has to thank you on their behalf.」</p>



