---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 828"
permalink: Tenken/0828.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 828
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>828: Jayne's Cooperation</h2>

 Jayne said that she would ask for our help in a pinch, but such a scene had yet to occur.

 That must have been an excuse to let our battered army rest.

 The dwarves moved as an impenetrable wall, and the demonkin's continued giving them amazing support.

 Moreover, the antidemons clearly started dwindling in number. As Nadia rampaged in the distance, more and more antidemons flocked over to her.

 There were still decently powerful antidemons, though none even came close to Twisted Horn's level. If we consider him as the commander of the antidemon horde, those noticeable ones must have been acting as vice-commanders or squad captains.

 However, they were still no match for Orfalve or Jayne, and quickly wiped out.

 Five more minutes passed.

（Master, we're almost there.）

『Yeah.』

 It was obvious once we got this close. Nadia had definitely gone out of control.

 With an aura reminiscent of a wild beast, she continued thrashing the antidemons swarming around her. I could see the hundreds of antidemons gathered around Nadia blown up in an instant.

 As we got closer, we began to hear Nadia's roars.

「Uroooooogh!」

 The only emotions I could sense from those roars were intense violence and the destructive urge to annihilate anyone approaching. She had completely lost her mind.

「Sophie, what do you think?」

「Hmm. We'd still have to get a lot closer so that my music can reach.」

 The song that healed us apparently had a very limited range of effect. She would have to play it literally right in front of Nadia.

「And you'll protect me, right?」

「Of course. I'll make sure you reach Nadia.」

「I believe in you.」

「Are you sure?」

 Sophie nodded readily. Even though she owed Fran a debt of gratitude for the meal, wasn't she being a bit too trusting? Fran looked surprised as well.

「I can see it in your eyes. You wouldn't ever leave a friend behind. Am I wrong?」

「You're not wrong. I would never abandon my friends.」

「There you have it. I'm counting on you.」

「Nn!」

 So we managed to get Sophie's help, but that doesn't mean Nadia can be saved just yet.

 Before we can try healing Nadia with Sophie's song, we have to make sure that Jayne and Orfalve didn't kill her first.

「……Jayne.」

「What's up? Something bothering you?」

「I'm going to the front.」

「Hmm? You do know your current condition, right?」

「Nn.」

 Fran was currently a wreck. She needed to somehow convince Jayne to let her join the fight.

 That's what I was thinking, but…

「Very well, we'll cover you! Go on ahead!」

「Are you sure?」

 Fran's reaction was exactly the same as the one she had given to Sophie earlier. She was clearly stunned by the unexpected response.

「Come on now, a warrior of your caliber wants to head out to the battlefield! You clearly have some sort of complicated circumstances, no? Then it's the duty of we who stand at the top to lend you a hand! Ahahahaha!」

「If you have a problem, you may discuss it with us. She may not look the part, but I can vouch for her abilities.」

 These demonkin really can't be judged by their appearances, huh? This Demon Lord and talking silver skull are way too nice.

「I want to help Nadia.」

 Fran explained her goal to Jayne and Tort. They did not simply come here to defeat the antidemons, but also to save Nadia and return her to human form. That was the reason we came all this way.

 She then told them about Nadia's current situation.

「At this rate, Orfalve and Nadia will clash.」

「That is indeed worrisome… By Nadia, you mean the antidemon that's running rampant up ahead, right?」

「Nn.」

「I have heard the rumors, but to think the magical sword capable of devouring antidemons actually existed.」

「And so you want to use that girl's performance to restore Nadia to her original form. Hmmm…」

 Jayne's gaze fell on Sophie. Her blood red eyes pierced Sophie as if they could see through everything.

「Ahahaha! This army seems to be filled with great talent! I can sense an amazing power from you!」

 I guess Sophie also received Jayne's stamp of approval. Just like she said, the hundred man army was packed with elites. I bet she would love each and every one of them.

「We have magical performers in our country as well, but none as talented as you. Can you truly restore Nadia?」

「I can't say for sure, but I will try my best.」

「Sophie can do it!」

「As the warriors hold back Nadia, the monstrous maiden is saved by music of a beautiful young lady! Yes, yes! It's just like a scene from a play! I'm so lucky to have the chance to see such a wonderful event in person!」

 Jayne seemed to be enjoying herself. Though her motive seemed a little impure, I'm glad she's on board.

「First we have to talk to Orfalve-dono! Leave that part to me! Fuhahahaha!」

「I'm coming too.」

「Very well! Follow me!」

 For some reason, Jayne was starting to take the lead. Either way, that should make things go more smoothly, since Orfalve would listen to her.

 But can we actually talk to her now? She's currently at the head of her army, beating the crap out of the antidemons. Jayne's lighthearted behavior might have made everyone forget, but the battle is still raging on all around us.

 Yet Jayne continued moving all the way forward until we reached Orfalve's back. The antidemons didn't even give us so much as a glance.

「Are your concealment skills working on me too?」

「Yes! It's better that way, isn't it?」

「Nn.」

 She made it sound super easy, but how is she even giving her skill effects to other people? I didn't notice her doing anything special either……

「Anyways, hold on a bit… Orfalve-dono! Did you have a moment?」

「Hmm? Jayne-dono! What did you need?」

「I need to talk to you.」

「Oh? I am listening.」

 Okay, that's pretty impressive. Orfalve simply continued smashing antidemons while holding the conversation. It might have been even easier now that Jayne was giving her some support.



