---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 870"
permalink: Tenken/0870.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 870
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>870: Knights of the Holy Land</h2>

The men shouting at the entrance of the tower called themselves the Order of Holy Knights.

If I'm remembering correctly, that should be the name of an elite group of knights dispatched by the Holy Nation of Silard. The knights in their ranks called themselves the holy knights.

The Holy Nation and the Saintess. Were the two connected somehow?

Fran glanced over at Sophie, but Sophie simply shook her head with a puzzled look on her face.

「I don't know them. I've never been to the Holy Nation, and the title of "Saintess" is just something the people around me came up with on their own.」

I guess you could say she is like a self-proclaimed saintess? Maybe we shouldn't say that out loud.

I didn't feel any murderous intent yet, but the knights were clearly trying to force their way in. The guards tried to hold them back, but the five holy knights were all quite skilled.

Especially the man at the front, I could tell he was an expert just by looking at him. At this rate, it won't be long until they shove the guards aside.

And if we're unlucky, it could turn into a battle.

Just in case, I appraised the holy knights.

As expected, none of them had the divine sword, but they were all equipped with enchanted swords――No, holy swords. Appraisal said all of them were "holy swords", so maybe they had some sort of special process for forging them.

These the effect of being super effective against evil.

All of them wore enchanted armor, and had high levels in magic too.

Since they called themselves "holy" knights, I thought they might be able to use healing magic, but that didn't seem to be the case. I guess the name is just because they are knights equipped with holy swords.

One of the guards went to call for backup, but the holy knights noticed our presence before they arrived.

「Could that young lady there be the saintess?」

They must have realized it after seeing the way the people looked at her. Everyone was looking at Sophie as if she was their last hope.

「You, the blonde lady!」

「S-Stop!」

「No!」

The guards tried to block his way with their spears, but they failed. The knight easily dodged them with agile steps before pushing the guards aside.

At least he held back so as to not injure them. It seems he got rather hasty after seeing the saintess in person.

The man continued his brisk walk toward us, making his way past the guards and patients.

His eyes showed that he had no doubt Sophie was the saintess. He must have gotten information about her appearance in advance.

Fran lightly braced herself to pull me out at any moment.

「Hold it right there.」

「Hmph……」

The holy knight paused just outside of Fran's range. He gave us a scowl for a moment, but then he switched to a condescending stare.

「It appears the great saintess has a talented escort, but I have something important to discuss with her. Get out of my way.」

「I'm not her escort.」

「Then it seems you have no business being here? Outsiders like you should keep their mouths shut.」

That's quite the drastic change in attitude between Fran and Sophie. I'm impressed that he can switch between smiling and scowling so quickly.

「I'm her friend, not an outsider.」

「If you call yourself her friend, then stop interfering and take your leave. The sheer impudence of blocking a holy knight.」

「This is not your country. You're the one who's rude for forcing your way in.」

「Beast girl. Did my order to leave not enter your ears?」

Fran said she was Sophie's friend, but this guy just kept talking down to her. Is he even thinking about how Sophie would react to that?

Or is he doing it on purpose? Maybe he intended to provoke Fran into making a blunder, then use that as an opportunity to gain an advantage in the negotiation?

『Fran, he might be trying to provoke you. Ask him what he wants first.』

「……You can talk without getting any closer.」

The holy knight continued glaring at Fran, but he must have also noticed the cold look in Sophie's eyes as well.

He smiled thinly as if to cover up his previous outburst, then switched into his polite speech again. Maybe he was just prejudiced against adventurers or beastmen?

「Saintess-sama, we come from the Holy Nation of Silard and our purpose is to invite you to our country. Please accompany us to the Holy Nation.」

「I think you have the wrong person.」

「How modest of you! I must say the fame of this city's saintess has reached far beyond the boundaries of this continent, Saintess Sophilia-sama.」

「……I have never called myself a saintess, nor do I have that title or class.」

Sophie retorted, but the holy knight continued his creepy smile and began an eloquent speech.

「We are well aware that you have healed the masses without asking for compensation. This is a wonderful display of goodwill, and I am filled with awe and respect! However, you clearly do not belong in a town such as this one. Therefore, I ask that you come to our country and wield your powers there. You will be welcomed by our brave knights and noblemen, and you need never associate yourself with the underworld again. I can assure that your name will be passed down the ages as a true saintess.」

Sophie's face contorted at the holy knight's words. She was filled with rage.

Well, even if he put it politely, the actual meaning was pretty terrible.

In summary: You shouldn't be helping this scum-filled town. Instead, serve the knights and noblemen of Silard. Oh, you want some honor? Sure, I'll make you an official saintess by the power of my country. Better be thankful and work your ass off, yeah?

Something like that? Moreover, this guy really seemed to think that Sophie would love to take the offer. To him, everyone should be thankful to serve Silard.

「……I will remain here.」

「Such nonsense! This filthy illegal town is unworthy of a saintess such as yourself! If you come to the Holy Nation of Silard, you can display your saintly powers without a worry in the world.」

Did he actually want to bring Sophie back with him? I had to doubt that for a moment seeing as how he chose all the right words to offend her.

Moreover, I found out from my lie detection that this guy didn't respect Sophie at all.

He probably thought he could get away with anything after he brought her back to his country. Maybe he even planned to enslave her and use her as some kind of tool for healing?

The people around them watched the exchange between Sophie and the knight with bated breath. Many of them were angry, but several also showed loneliness on their faces.

It seems those people thought that the holy knight had a point. They must have felt agreement when he said that illegal cities were no place for a saintess like her.

Ironically, the more faith they had in Sophie, the more likely they would agree with that argument.

「Come with me, Saintess-sama, to where you truly belong!」

「……You say I belong in the Holy Nation of Silard?」

「Precisely! Silard, the holy land! There can be no country more fitting as your home!」

「……」

Seeing Sophie's silence, the holy knight must have thought she was moved by his words. His smile seemed nasty somehow.

But Fran and I knew the truth. Sophie's clenched fist showed only the intensity of her anger.



