---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 893"
permalink: Tenken/0893.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 893
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>893: Red-Scaled Dragonkin Defeated</h2>

After my spell blasted a hole in the walls of the neighboring building, I could see the upset inhabitants looking through on the other side.

Sorry, but this really is an emergency! The Adventurers Guild can compensate you later, probably.

But now there was an escape route for the adventurers.

『Fran!』

「Nn. Everyone escape from there!」

The adventurers reacted instantly to Fran's voice. All at once, they made a quick and smooth escape.

It seems they had the coward's mentality to run away immediately when placed in a pinch. None of them showed any sign of worrying about Fran either.

Well, they probably understood how much stronger Fran was compared to them too.

They knew they would just be holding her back, so the best way to help was getting out of there as quickly as possible.

In that sense, you could call them graceful losers.

Fran also asked Sophie to send them off.

「Sophie, there might be more dragonkin outside. Help the adventurers escape.」

「Okay!」

Sophie gave a quick nod to Fran's words and followed the adventurers through the hole. Those guys should be fine now.

「Damn! This little girl and those fucking dragonkin doing whatever they please! Fine, let's hurry up and capture them!」

「Don't tell me what to do. You want me to kill you first?」

「I'm literally the guildmaster! I *do* tell you what to do!」

「Hmph.」

「You piece of shit!」

Fran and Prear continued arguing with each other, but their eyes never left the red-scaled dragonkin. Both understood the danger of letting their guards down in front of him.

「Gwahaha! You've got a lot of guts!」

The dragonkin gave a broad smile upon seeing Fran open a hole in the guild walls to let the adventurers go.

He showed no sign of chasing after the adventurers, which meant he knew how dangerous Fran and Prear were.

Though the two certainly didn't get along, they both decided that the immediate enemy was this dragonkin.

The dragonkin, on the other hand, was now alone without the support of his friends. And yet, he continued grinning in spite of such a huge disadvantage.

For this battle-crazed man, the fight itself must matter more than his job.

Oh, and he seemed really excited for some reason. I wonder if he might accidentally spill some info.

「What are you after?」

「Gwahaha! Even an idiot like me knows not to answer that! I mean, not that I could in the first place!」

He says he *can't* answer? That's when I appraised the dragonkin and found his status listed as "Domination". That's a state very close to being enslaved.

It seems whoever dominated him restricted some of his actions. It would be very unlikely to get anything out of him unless we capture him and dispel his domination.

「Well, I wouldn't talk even if I could! Those who blabber are no better than third-rates!」

So what you're saying is that Filuria and Prear are third-rates.

「Let's get started!」

The red-scaled dragonkin slashed at Fran. It's a tricky move, combining his high physical ability with fancy footwork.

If he was an adventurer, I can't see him being below Rank B.

But now that there weren't any hindrances here, we could pull off some tricks of our own.

「Stun Bolt!」

『Stun Bolt!』

「Guggaaah!」

「Giyeehh! G-Girl……!」

We blasted our spells over a wide range, making them unavoidable. We probably heard Prear's screams too, but priority number one was defeating the dragonkin.

Besides, it didn't seem to affect the old guy much. That robe of his must have magic resistance.

The dragonkin also had a resistance to status, so we didn't manage to paralyze him. However, the barrage of thunder magic succeeded in delaying his movements.

That's when Fran's flurry of blows landed, as I morphed into a rod with my blade dulled. We completely shattered all of the dragonkin's limbs by bashing with him the blunt weapon I had become.

Even if he didn't feel pain, he couldn't escape with his legs immobilized.

That's when Urushi dealt the final blow.

「Grrrr!」

「Gubwoaah!」

A head-on collision without any fancy tricks. Urushi leapt out of the dragonkin's shadow and gave him a powerful headbutt to the jaw.

With the tremendous force of the headbutt, the dragonkin got sent flying straight up.

We heard a series of crashes as he got blown through the upper floors.

「Fucking again……! Now with the ceiling!」

Prear shouted bitterly, but we just ignored him. The ceiling made a noble sacrifice for our victory.

「Urushi, nice one!」

「Aaarf!」

It was indeed a nice strike, but…… you left him alive, right?

We left Prear to handle the mess as we went up to capture the dragonkin. We already threatened to kill Prear if he ran, and we could easily follow him with teleportation. I'll keep an eye on his presence just in case.

After Urushi blasted him upwards, the red-scaled dragonkin had smashed through four ceilings and ended up unconscious with his head stuck in the ceiling of the fifth floor.

He's just barely alive. That was a real close call.

「Arf……」

「It's okay.」

『Let's restrain him for now. I'll wrap him up in fire-resistant magic threads.』

「Nn.」

While I was restraining the red-scaled dragonkin, I noticed something strange taking place on the first floor.

A sudden burst of tremendously powerful magical energy appeared out of nowhere, and this was definitely destructive power.

Immediately afterward, the presences of many adventurers simply vanished. Or rather, almost all of them were gone. Even though the remaining adventurers were pretty low-ranked, could someone really do this in a single strike?

Moreover, there were no vibrations or sounds. What could have happened?

I thought this red-scaled guy was their leader, but there might be someone even stronger. Their real leader must have unleashed some kind of attack.

This is no time to be impressed!

I could feel Prear's life force weakening rapidly too.

『Fran! We need to go back!』

「Nn!」



