---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1206"
permalink: Tenken/1206.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1206
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1206: Knights of the Red Sword</h2>

The Red Knights entered the battlefield, then charged toward the superhuman soldiers for some reason. Leading them was a red-haired woman who we recognized.

（Sibylla.）

『Yeah, she's really damn strong.』

Every swing of Sibylla's massive sword turned several of the grotesque soldiers into a gory explosion. Some tried to regenerate from the hit, but she would beat them into a pulp regardless.

Ugh! Sibylla just bit into some guy's neck and tore it off! Her fighting style is just plain terrifying!

However, her equipment was a lot different from before: flashy armor adorned with red and gold decorations. It resembled a mix of bikini armor and dress armor, so it seemed poor in terms of defense.

That said, Sibylla's defense was already abnormally high, so she likely preferred armor that didn't hinder her movements. It seemed to be magical gear that increased her stats as well.

「Hahahaha! Pretty weak, but you guys got high regeneration! Did someone gift me a bunch of sandbags?!」

Sibylla buried countless superhuman soldiers while laughing. Her red sword began glowing in response to her rising excitement.

This wasn't just for show. It had some sort of anti-regeneration effect.

（That's...）

『Definitely the divine attribute.』

Though faint, the blade was cloaked by a divine aura. Any superhuman soldiers struck down could no longer regenerate their wounds.

『But, that sword...』

I found myself unable to take my eyes off her sword. The other Red Knight captains had relics too, but none gave off the same aura.

Was this some sort of special relic?

Sibylla's striking presence drew our attention to the Red Sword Knights, but they weren't the only ones joining the fray.

Countless red arrows rained down around us, and before we knew it, the superhuman soldiers surrounding Fran had crumbled apart. What's more, this wasn't just a one-time occurrence. Several more waves of arrow rain flew in, eliminating hundreds of additional soldiers.

「!」

『These arrows...』

I glanced to the source of the arrows, finding him at the top of a distant hill. Standing there was a lean young man with black hair, wielding a massive red bow that seemed to be at least two meters tall.

His face was covered by some kind of flight goggle-like headgear, so I was unable to make out much. His long hair and feminine features made me think he was a girl at first, but his physique was definitely male.

That said, the crimson-colored bow in the man's hands gave me more of an impression than the man himself.

While it didn't have quite the same impact as Sibylla's sword, it was oddly captivating. It's like I couldn't help but look at it, or ignore its presence.

I never felt this level of pressure from the other relics. Could it be that the sword and bow were especially powerful?

The young man glared at Fran, not bothering to conceal his murderous intent even from this distance. However, he quickly averted his gaze and began raining arrows down on the other superhuman soldiers.

He was obviously the leader of the Dusk Rain Knights. I never thought he'd be so young. Maybe even in his teens?

Despite his age, he knew how to use his relic. After all, he was hitting the mark perfectly from so far away.

He seemed hostile to Fran though, so we might need to keep an eye on him. I'll be glad as long as those arrows are aimed at the superhuman soldiers instead of us.

Now that she had the support of the Red Knights, Fran breathed a sigh of relief.

It wasn't just the relief at having received reinforcements. We were finally liberated from the intense battle now that the superhuman soldiers shifted their attention.

We gained the luxury of slowing down and drinking a potion.

The superhuman commanders Windwolf and Bladehawk seemed to be in disarray, affecting the movements of their subordinates. About half of them shifted focus to the Red Knights.

（It's much easier now!）

『Yeah, definitely!』

While we could no longer use area-of-effect magic, the pressure was practically halved, giving us plenty of breathing room. Well, I suppose we're still surrounded by an army, but look on the bright side.

Moreover, the number of superhuman soldiers around us was steadily decreasing. Apparently, they had decided to ignore Fran and focus a majority of their forces on the Red Knights,

I doubt even the Red Knights could avoid casualties against that many superhuman soldiers.

『What do you want to do?』

（This time, it's my turn to help them!）

I was hoping Fran might take advantage of the situation for a short break, but it seems she didn't want to treat the Red Knights like bait.

Can't say for sure if the Red Knights will let us go after this though... Well, I guess we could always run if it comes down to it.

『Alright, let's go back up Sibylla!』

（Nn!）

We teleported and launched a surprise attack from behind the superhuman soldiers engaged with the Red Sword Knights. Their focus on Sibylla gave us free reign to attack.

Sibylla glanced briefly at Fran, before smirking. No hostility. Seems like she's willing to cooperate, for now at least.

Furthermore, it seems her subordinates obeyed her will, as none of the other Red Knights attacked Fran either. They still showed some hostility, but that's normal. Sibylla's probably the weird one for her complete lack of hostility.

Still, the fact that none of them went against her was a testament to her incredible leadership ability.

The Red Knights clearly had a lot of trust in Sibylla.

First and foremost, all the Red Knights here were quite powerful. We've experienced the elite knights from the Cardinal Flag, Blood Maiden, and the Carmine Flame divisions, but the Red Sword Knights seemed even better.

It's not about coordination; the other Red Knight division seemed superior in terms of teamwork. The Red Sword Knights simply had no weak links. Each was powerful as an individual, so you might be able to call their combat style similar to adventurers.

Like several parties of skilled adventurers, coordinating at a high-level between parties.

And with Sibylla as their leader, it's no wonder they're strong. Some sustained severe injuries due to getting surrounded by superhuman soldiers, but zero casualties so far.

Particularly formidable was the heavily armored warrior who fought alongside Sibylla. He rushed forward to crush superhuman soldiers under his mace, shrugging off any hits he received.

A flashy fighting style, with just as flashy gear. Blue armor with white decorations, giving him the appearance of your typical hero.

While the helmet covered his face, I recognized that style. He must be the heavy warrior, Biscot, who had been with Sibylla back in Ulmutt.

『He's as strong as ever.』

（Nn. Better since the last time we fought.）

『Indeed.』



