---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1267"
permalink: Tenken/1267.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1267
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1267: Nameless's Defeat</h2>

「I've finally found you!!」

The shout sounded as if it were tinged with madness.

The boy raised a sinister sword high above his head before charging toward Nameless.

「...! That voice!」

『Yeah, no mistake. It's Sierra!』

Sierra was a boy who came from a different timeline, and in his hands was the malevolent sword Zelos Reed. We had previously fought together at the lake in the Kingdom of Belioth.

They had been relentlessly pursuing Zelyse as vengeance for inflicting them so much torment. In particular, the Zelyse who was now a magic sword. Never thought we would see him again here.

It seems he was acquaintances with Jean. Did they meet sometime during the war with Raydoss?

His speed was quite something now, likely due to the evil energy. The last time we met, Sierra by himself was equivalent to a Rank D adventurer, but he seems to have gotten a lot stronger.

While his personal growth was definitely one factor, mastering the abilities of his sword Zelos Reed likely played a bigger role.

「You again!」

Again? It seems that this wasn't the first time Sierra cornered Nameless. Could it be that he refrained from using Zelyse to avoid revealing his location to Sierra?

「You won't be going anywhere!」

「Kuh! Let go!」

Nameless tried to evade Sierra's charge, but his body was entangled by four white arms. These belonged to the regenerated Mark. Moreover, those arms seemed longer, thicker, and more durable.

「Damn! This stubborn undead!」

「Haha... You seem to be in the same boat, no?」

Pinned down by Jean, Nameless was now completely immobilized. The damage we inflicted must have done a number to him.

Laranflura attempted to interfere with our struggle, but Sibylla reacted slightly faster.

「Hehehe. I don't really get what's going on, but it looks like you guys made a lot of enemies, yeah? I'll keep you busy.」

「Move aside!」

「What kind of idiot would actually listen to the enemy! I'm not going anywhere!」

We can't afford to have Laranflura get in our way again!

『Hold back Laranflura with everything you've got!』

「Got it!」

「Leave it to us!」

Enthusiastic responses came from Apollonius and Begareth. The others also quietly started moving into action.

『We take care of Nameless.』

「Nn!」

Following closely behind Sierra, Fran charged at Nameless.

「Let go!」

「Fuhaha...!」

Despite receiving an elbow strike from Nameless, Jean showed no sign of letting go. On the contrary, he clung even more strongly and started laughing.

「Damn! I can't phase through!」

Maybe because of Jean's mana? The phasing ability of Sword Zelyse seemed to be rendered unusable. No, it must be because Sierra had surrounded Nameless and Zelyse with evil energy!

「Sierra-kun! Do it!」

「I appreciate it, Necromancer!」

They seemed to be acquainted after all. Sierra must have given Jean a magical tool for calling him.

「Oroooh! Evil Flame Sword!」

「Sierra's so cool!」

『That must be a mix of evil energy and a flame-attribute Elemental Sword.』

「Nn. The color of super spicy curry.」

Well, I guess it is dark red... Uh-oh. Ever since the Curry Slash incident, Fran can't get her mind off curry!

「Let's do the Curry Slash!」

『...Fine.』

The "Curry Slash" name is kinda settling in as we speak! Why do we have to call it that when it looks so cool! Ugh, but this isn't really the time to complain about such things!

「You're going down first, Nameless!」

「You insignificant small fry!」

The wound inflicted by our so-called Curry Slash still hadn't completely healed. Nevertheless, Nameless was repelling Sierra's attacks with just one arm.

Honestly, not bad in that condition.

Sierra glanced in our direction for a brief second, before immediately distancing himself from Nameless. Then, he began releasing evil energy into the surroundings. The armor of evil energy disappeared, revealing his true face.

Indeed, he was the same Sierra as always. His sword Zelos Reed still emitted a menacing aura.

「Evil Binding Chains!」

「Gaah! This is...」

We saw him use this technique in Belioth as well. It seems to completely block the activation of skills and magic by entwining the target with chains of evil energy.

The barrier that surrounded Nameless vanished completely. Fran took this opportunity to charge in.

The gazes of Fran and Sierra intersected as we slipped by. There were no words or further gestures. However, I felt as if an exchange of "Take care of it" and "Leave it to me" could be heard.

「Haaaah! Curry Slash!」

『Eat this!』

「**NUUOOOOOORGHHHH!**」

Fran's golden slash sent Nameless's head flying. Once again, the aura of the Undead King diminished significantly.

「Gah... Guh...」

We saw no signs of his head reattaching itself. Meanwhile, his body collapsed to the ground with Jean still clinging onto it, crumbling away like sand in Jean's arms.

Despite rolling on the ground, his head was still groaning.

How persistent. Jean slowly approached Nameless's head and picked it up.

「With this, it's over.」

「C-Curse you...」

「I'll be taking this, if you don't mind.」

「Let go of me...! Damn...」

「Fuhaha... It's already over.」

『Fran.』

「Nn! Jean, take care of that side. We're busy!」

Fran covered the ground with the Guardian Deity's Shield. Trapped within the barrier was a vividly colored sword. There's no way we can sleep easy if we let this asshole escape again!

「...Thanks, Fran.」

「Sierra. Now we take down Zelyse!」

「Yeah!」

The sword appeared to be trembling under the killing intent of the young boy and girl.
