---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1269"
permalink: Tenken/1269.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1269
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1269: The End of Zelyse</h2>

「Disappear, Zelyse! Haaaah!」

『I am...! The great alchemist Zelyse...! My name belongs in hist——』

Sierra swung down the jet-black sword on Zelyse's blade, snapping it in half. Zelyse was engulfed in sinister flames and disappeared without a trace.

The mental instability he displayed at the end must have been due to his transformation into a sword. It's scary to think that the same thing could happen to me. Just as I was thinking that, Sierra suddenly screamed.

「Uncle, what's wrong? Uncle!」

Sierra shouted as he held his sword in a hug-like position. The jet-black sword in his hands trembled as if shivering with a chill.

「Is this because of Cannibalism?! Dammit!」

Oh right, Cannibalism! Zelos Reed had the Cannibalism skill just like me, and it seems he retained that ability after turning into a magic sword.

As a result, cutting down Zelyse resulted in cannibalizing his powers, even if unintentional. The worst part is that the Cannibalism skill absorbs more than just power.

When I absorbed Fanatics, I almost lost myself in its powerful mental interference. I'm sure Zelyse won't go down easily either. 

After all, that guy was as tenacious as a cockroach.

Magic sword Zelos Reed started vibrating with increasing intensity, as if moaning in pain. There must be an intense battle for control between Zelos Reed and Zelyse.

Sierra closed his eyes as if in prayer. There was nothing he could do but embrace Zelos Reed.

But then, I noticed the Evil God Fragment within me start moving. Evil energy spilled out without my control and flowed into Zelos Reed.

Was it trying to support Zelos Reed or something?

〈Due to the cooperation of the Evil God Fragment, a connection with the target sword has been established. Beginning support measures.〉

『Announcer-san! A-Are you sure that's safe?』

〈Thanks to accumulated combat experience within Raydoss, the processing load related to evil energy usage has been successfully minimized.〉

Until now, Announcer-san had been taking over and reducing the burden of my evil energy usage. That's why she hasn't been talking much since then. However, it seems she's gotten used to it by now.

That said, I wasn't worried about the evil energy.

『Who cares about the evil energy, do you really have to connect to that creep Zelyse...?』

〈There is no issue. With the assistance of the Evil God Fragment, any probability for mental invasion can be completely eliminated. Additionally, high-density evil energy can be used to completely annihilate Zelyse's mind and soul.〉

『So basically, you aren't in any danger whatsoever, right?』

〈Affirmative.〉

『In that case, you have my full support! Crush Zelyse's pitiful last stand!』

In response to my words, the evil energy flowing into Zelos Reed surged with greater intensity. Uh, just so we're clear, that cheer was directed at Announcer-san. Evil God Fragment, you don't need to go overboard.

I watched nervously for a bit, before I started hearing Zelyse's screams.

『Gyaaaaahhh! What the hell! What is lurking within that sword! This is no mere Intelligence Weapon...!』

Oh good, he's in pain.

『Someone is... helping me? Is this Fran's sword? And... a fragment of the Evil God...? Hahaha! You were fucking hiding something like this the entire time! No wonder I could never win!』

I could hear Zelos Reed's voice as well, the sword version. Despite having transformed into a sword, this Zelos Reed didn't seem much different from the human one.

『I'm.... disappearing...? Aaah! No! All I need to do is transfer to the other sword and... No! No... It's all over! Damn it! Why is the Evil God Fragment siding with you losers? This isn't fair! It can't end like th――』

Now that scream signaled the true end of Zelyse. The attacks from Zelos Reed and Announcer-san weakened his resistance, followed by the Evil God Fragment eradicating every last bit of him, soul and all.

The Evil God Fragment is indeed divine, as displayed by its incredible power over the soul. I think I understand what the Chaos Goddess meant by "all gods are gods" now.

「...Zelyse is gone.」

「Fran, did you help Uncle?」

「It's thanks to this sword. It put down Zelyse for good.」

「I see... so it's finally over.」

Sierra stood still, as if contemplating something. His archnemesis was dead, and Zelos Reed was spared.

Realizing this fact, Sierra must be breathing a sigh of relief.

I'd love to give him some time, but the battle wasn't over just yet.

After all, we had yet to defeat Laranflura. She had dealt serious damage to Jean earlier, and was holding her ground against a furious assault from Forrund and the Hero Zombies.

But upon realizing that we had finished things up on our side, Laranflura's expression darkened. The fight had decisively shifted in our favor.

Naturally so, as everyone here was her enemy.

Laranflura's expression reflected a clear aura of resolve. She must have decided to stake it all against us.

「Fuhahahaha.... Hehehehehehehehe!」

「...!」

There's something different about her now...?

「You leave me no choice! Indeed, this is the only option!」

Not only did her atmosphere change suddenly, but her face also twisted into an extremely malicious expression, and she started laughing with a grating sound.

Furthermore, I could see a divine aura enveloping her entire body.

「From here on, **I** will be your opponent!」

「What's that supposed to mean?」

"I"? Could it be that her personality changed?

The same thing happened during our last encounter. Laranflura started using divine energy when her atmosphere changed.

Apparently, she gains the ability to use divine energy in this form. Perhaps she only switches when she gets serious or something?

「Hehehehe! With me as your opponent, don't expect your deaths to be easy!」

Sibylla furrowed her brows upon hearing Laranflura's eerie laughter.

「...Could it be...?! East Conquest Duke, Balfon!?」

「Hehehehehehe! You got me! Indeed, I am indeed Balfon the East Conquest Duke, as well as the alter ego of the Superhuman General!」



