---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1303"
permalink: Tenken/1303.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1303
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1303: Divine Sword Release, Trail of Bonds</h2>

〈You are a divine sword that wished only to protect and support its wielder, and the first-ever entity to ascend to divine swordhood through your own will. Soul from another world, the gods have bestowed you with a new name: "Fran's Master", the Master Blade.〉

『Fran's Master, the Master Blade...!』

Wait, what? Doesn't that sound kinda redundant? Uhh, is this like finalized? Can we ask for a do-over?

Well, at least Announcer-san's declaration seems to have silenced the voices of Fanatics and Fannabelta, who had been clamoring in my head.

〈Master, you okay?〉

『Y-Yeah. In fact, I feel pretty refreshed.』

After responding to Fenrir-san, I realized the pain was gone.

〈**——**〉

『...I suppose I should thank you.』

The Evil God Fragment was apologizing to me. While it was trying its best to silence the other voices, that only added to the commotion. I can't bring myself to blame it for some reason, even if it is part of the Evil God...

（Master?）

『Fran, sorry about that. I'm okay now.』

（Nn...）

Fran wiped away her tears and smiled. Upon seeing that, a wave of regret washed over me. Damn. How could I make her cry like that...?

Still, it's not like I can undo what is done, and Fran probably doesn't want an apology either.

（So Master, you're a divine sword now?）

『Yeah. You can tell?』

（Because you look even cooler now.）

『Huh? I look different?』

（Nn. Your aura is super awesome. Also I got the Divine Sword Release skill.）

『Whoa! I see!』

Naturally, Fran had been given Divine Sword Release as my wielder. It's no wonder she immediately knew I had become a divine sword.

Yet there was not a hint or anxiety or fear on her face. She had complete confidence that I was still me.

（I can tell by your voice. You are my Master.）

『I see.』

（Nn!）

Fran nodded confidently. If you ask me, being able to tell that much from such a short exchange is more impressive.

（What name did you get?）

『Umm... Fran's Master, the Master Blade...』

（Whoa!）

Fran's eyes sparkled. But honestly, isn't it a bit... dumb? And redundant?

Sure, there are other divine swords with kinda redundant names. For example, Gaia the Grand Earthblade. But at least that one sounds cool!

Come on, gods! Was there really no better choice!?

〈The naming of individual Fran's Master was not solely decided by the will of the gods.〉

『Huh? Really?』

〈Affirmative. The wishes of provisional name Master and individual Fran were reflected. In particular, the gods placed great importance on the wishes of the wielder, individual Fran.〉

So in other words, my name reflects Fran's preferences? Dang! In that case, I'll just have to live with it!

**OROOOOOOOGH!**

「!」

A roar from the Evil God Fragment forced us back to the situation at hand. The monster's gaze was completely focused on us.

It seems to realize that I'm a divine sword now.

The same went for our comrades. All of their eyes were pointed at Fran, and me grasped in her hands. My suddenly inflated aura and wellspring of divine energy could not be ignored.

「Master, let's go.」

『Yeah. We can't explain what's going on to the others until we take this guy out. You know how to use me, right?』

「Nn! I do!」

Fran seems to have been given an understanding of my powers along with the Divine Sword Release skill. I also had complete confidence in her ability to wield me.

So this is the bond between a divine sword and its wielder. I felt closer to Fran than ever before.

「Fran's Master, the Master Blade. It's super cool, the best name ever! Perfect for you, Master.」

『R-Right.』

I can practically feel how serious she is when she says that! The best name ever, huh...

「Now let's prove to everyone that you're the best sword.」

Fran took a step forward.

She lightly pressed her hand against my blade and whispered the words to release my powers.

「O sword of mine alone. Grant me power, hope, possibilities...」

So this is what it's like to be released? With each word Fran spoke, I could feel something unlocking within me.

「...And bring us victory!」

And then, the final gate burst open.

「Divine Sword Release, **Master**!」

『This is...!』

I felt a connection to the divine realm, with vast amounts of power and information flowing in! If all divine swords are like this, then it's no wonder they're so amazing!

Marvelous. All of this power is for protecting and guiding Fran.

I could still use my spells and skills, and they felt enhanced too. My attack and durability stats had more than doubled, and my Mana Conductivity rose to an astounding SSS.

Even so, I would feel a bit underwhelming as a divine sword if those were the only differences, especially since my physical shape didn't change at all. Well, I guess transforming myself into whatever form Fran desires was an ability I've had for a while now.

That said, there was one area where I had gained powers befitting a divine sword.

That is to say, my ability to support Fran. This power is pretty specialized, making it limited in usage. But when it comes to this single aspect, I can't possibly lose, not even to another divine sword!

With overflowing emotions, I shouted the words that had formed in my heart.

『Your journey is your treasure! Your path forms the web of fate! Friends! Companions! Comrades! Lend Fran your strength! **Trail of Bonds**!』

Fran has grown so much stronger since we first met. While her efforts certainly played a big role in her growth, she couldn't have done it all alone. Fran met many new friends, often fighting alongside them.

In fact, there were several times where we would have lost our lives if not for those friends.

All of those experiences contributed to Fran's strength.

These bonds and connections have been supporting Fran the entire time, and my ability as a divine sword is to strengthen such invisible connections and turn them into Fran's power.

A massive jet-black magic circle appeared on the ground beneath us. Despite being the same color as evil energy, I felt no sense of dread or fear.

Not just because I'm the one responsible for making it, but due to the purity of the divine energy radiating out.

The immense power began flowing into Fran as if it had a will of its own.

「Master, amazing!」

『This isn't just coming from me. Can you feel it?』

「Nn. I can hear everyone's voices...」

<br/>

**Side - Nell**

「?」

I thought I heard someone calling my name. Just my imagination? For some reason, my chest felt warm. I was overcome by a strange feeling, as if recalling a happy memory.

I tilted my head and confusion, before realizing that this was no mistake. Someone was definitely calling out to me.

This is...

「Fran-chan?」

Yes, it must be Fran-chan. She needs help and is asking for my assistance.

For some reason, I could say that with certainty.

Alright. What should I do then? Just pray?

As instructed, I clasped my hands together and prayed. For Fran-chan's safety. For her victory.

I felt a tiny bit of strength draining my body, though this was a slightly different sensation from spending mana.

I think my prayer reached her. Ah, now I can see a vision of her holding a sword.

I have no doubt many others are also praying to her, because I noticed several offering prayers in the guild building alone. This is the town where Fran-chan became an adventurer, Alessa.

She has many acquaintances here: Elebent-san the dwarf, Klad-san of the Dragon's Roar, and Freon-san of the Forest Eyes. All stood silently with their eyes closed.

They must all be praying in their own way.

「Fran-chan, do your best.」

「Missy, you can do it.」

「Hang in there!」

「Fran-san, please win safely.」

<br/>

**Side - Eliante**

What? I need to pray for Fran?

The abominable existence in front of the girl popped up as an image in my mind. How can she even attempt to fight such a monster? That courage of hers.

「Fran, you gotta win this.」

I prayed for the young girl worthy of my respect, as well as that idiot captain Neidhart who I caught a glimpse of in the corner of the view.

Please, come back safely.

Looking out at the people walking down the streets, I saw some stop in the tracks and begin to pray. Here in the capital city, many owe their lives to her.

「Miss Black Cat」

「Black Cat Saintess...」

「Saintess-sama...」

<br/>

**Side - Nadia**

「Fran?」

What in the world? Is Fran asking for my help or something? Fine, then take as much as you need!

Many of Schwarzkatze's residents were praying and some even decided to kneel. That's understandable considering what Fran's done for the village.

Mea-sama and Quina-dono both had their eyes closed, so it seems they heard this voice too.

「Fran! Do your best!」

「I wish you victory.」

Huh? The amount of power flowing in from Mea-sama is ridiculous! Like over ten times more than ours! Is that like... safe?

「We're f-friends, right! So take all I have to give!」

<br/>

**Side - Sophilia**

I had been performing a song in the plaza, when I was suddenly asked to pray for Fran. By whom? I don't know. But I felt a very warm presence.

It seems many others in the plaza heard the same call. I began praying alongside them.

Everyone in this town has experienced that battle, where we fought together and rallied under a single song.

Which is why we all had the same thought enter our heads. We must sing.

「We are adventurers~...♪ The golden adventurers~...♪」

「No foe shall make us falter!」

「Dragons, demons, bring anything on!」

「The hordes of antidemons will be a piece of cake!」

「For booze, for friends, for gold! The adventurers fight on!」

If Fran can hear our voices, surely this song will reach her as well. I began playing again.

「Fran, do your best.」

<br/>

**Side - Various People Associated with Fran**

「Fran, you got this.」

「Fran-chan, give it everything you have.」

「You can't lose, little lady!」

「Fran-dono, please win!」

「Black Lightning Princess-sama, knock that monster down!」

「Win this one for me, girl!」

「You are our princess, so you must return to us safely!」

「Go for it, Sis!」

「「「「「You can do it!」」」」」



