---
layout: post
title:  "TenKen Chapter 1253"
permalink: Tenken/1253.html
categories: TenKen
chapter: 1253
exclude: true
translator: Seeker
editor: 
---
<h2>1253: Avenger's New Friends</h2>

『As for the supreme-tier purification spell... Got it!』

Furthermore, I had a more detailed understanding of the spell's range and effects than when I learned the flame spell Surtr. Could this be due to having Essence of Magic now?

『Fran, let's move back a bit.』

（Nn!）

This created some distance between us and our allies, but in exchange, we now had a full view of everything.

『Might as well do a multi-cast too! Such an extravagant first showing!』

Purification magic's supreme spell turned out to be a concentrated blast of immense power, just like Kanna Kamui.

『Haaah! Purification spell, Airgetlam!』

In response to my words, five enormous magic circles appeared before us, arranged in the shape of a fan.

『Fire!』

A few seconds later, flashes of silver light burst forth from the magic circles.

Airgetlam, the level 10 purification spell, conjures a silver laser of purifying mana.

As such, it was pretty similar to Kanna Kamui. The biggest difference was that these lasers lacked any physical destructive power. Despite getting engulfed by the silver light, our allies remained completely unharmed.

On the other hand, the effect on undead creatures was immense. Be it Rob or even Apollonius, they all froze upon touching the light.

Meanwhile, I swiped the beams sideways to grab more targets.

My imperfect control over the spell only allowed me to adjust the angle a bit, but this proved to be enough. After only ten seconds, we had dealt all the Hero Zombies a considerable amount of damage.

It dealt more damage than Fran's Black Thunder Divine Claw, which was packed with divine energy. Airgetlam was likely doubly effective, since the targets were both undead and entities containing evil energy.

『Alright! Time to finish this!』

「Nn!」

『Holy Palace!』

Next I cast the Lv8 purification spell, Holy Palace. This was essentially a potent purification ward with massive range. And such a high level spell would not budge in front of a bit of evil energy. I poured a bunch of mana into the ward, entrapping Rob inside and forcing him to his knees.

『Oh yeah! Time for another try! Evil God's Trust, activate!』

「GWAAAAAAAAAH!」

It's working! Rob was clearly weakened, which affected his ability to resist. I got a firm grasp on the evil energy inside him!

『**Obey me!**』

「UROOOOOOOOOOH!」

I battled with Rob's resistance as we played tug of war for control. While it was surprising that he could resist in this state, the powerful purification spell and barrier had inflicted significant damage. As a result, his defenses were imperfect.

「...Hah... My new lord. As much as it pains me to admit, control over me has been transferred to you.」

『At last, success!』

「Nn.」

Rob's fighting spirit vanished, and the evil energy forming him clearly submitted to my command. While this didn't brainwash him into pledging allegiance, it forced him to obey my orders.

This change was much more significant than simply reducing the number of enemies. We had shifted the entire flow of battle.

The Cardinal Flag's Army Enhancement effect had swapped targets from the Hero Zombies to our side.

Upon recognizing the change, the other Hero Zombies stared at Rob with astonishment in their eyes.

The battle had tilted in our favor in no small way, especially since they were already forced on the defensive after my Airgetlam. Meanwhile, Madred started backing the former Dusk Rain Captain Zinga into a corner.

（Master, next one!）

『On it!』

I cast Holy Palace once again, this time on Lucard, who had been engaged with Forrund.

Lucard managed to avoid the rain of magical swords, but not my ward at the same time. Still, his Vermilion Eye seemed to see it coming. That thing must have powers beyond what I know.

Well, not that it will help him escape out of this pinch!

『I'm starting to get the hang of this now! Let's pick up the pace!』

「Woooaah! This is... Kah!」

It worked! Lucard dropped to his knees and lowered his head.

「My liege, I will follow your orders.」

『Good. Go support Avenger!』

「Roger!」

I sent Rob and Lucard to help Avenger, who was in the most difficult situation. Poison and curses have no effect on other undead, so he lacked the tools necessary to fight.

Nevertheless, he took on Yuvel and Oldona valiantly. Well, I guess he always has the perfect escape route with me here, so it doesn't really matter how much damage he takes. With Rob and Lucard covering that side, we should be able to contain those two.

Thus, I then began to take control of the Hero Zombies one by one. Begareth, Violetta, and Zinga were incorporated into our forces thanks to Evil God's Trust.

Next was the other two Red Knights, whose names I didn't even know. Urushi was currently focusing on keeping them at bay.

But despite being two against one, the knights had been fleeing from Urushi the entire time.

The two were apparently weaker than I initially thought. The first was a time-space mage responsible for transport and logistics, and the other was a spirit caster.

Neither had managed to demonstrate their true abilities at all.

The time-space mage's primary role was to teleport the other Hero Zombies this far, and his actual strength was only around the level of a Rank C adventurer.

Meanwhile, the spirit caster was kinda pitiful. He apparently couldn't use spirit magic at all, likely due to the influence of Klimt's Great Spirit. Perhaps all the spirits in the region had fled or something?

I'm guessing he was given the role of interfering with Klimt's spirit magic or something.

Urushi found pleasure in relentlessly chasing down the teleporting knights. I could hear his howls echoing around the area before I arrived.

Either way, I took control over them without much resistance.

『Now only Apollonius, Yuvel, and Oldona are left!』



